---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Don\'t Hate the Game, Make Our Own

*In consideration of attempting to transition to a new monetary standard
while relying on the faulty measuring stick of fiat money in price
discovery.*

I suggest that my general disinterest in the price of bitcoin gives me
an improtant common ground with bitcoin Maxis. An argument that we
should measure the value of bitcoin by its potential impacts on how we
exchange value rather than its current price in fiat money attracts me
greatly and tests my own resolve.

As I am only human, I find it too easy to fantasize of the time when the
price of bitcoin goes to some as yet unachieved zenith and it excites me
to think of the great richness such a circumstance brings me and many
others, but hidden in the very thought I find a mental barrier to
bitcoin as a new money.

To clarify, think on the meaning of the following sentences:

\(1\) Today bitcoin costs \$x. (2) In five years it costs \$2x. (3)
Bitcoin doubled in value.

I created hypothetical facts for the first two, but in the third I
equate the price of bitcoin with its value.

Though I argue money serves as a tool in societies for humans to measure
their values, I simultaneously posit that fiat money cannot serve as a
valid measuring stick with which to compare human values. The vast and
insidious distortions of the market enabled by the actions of
untrustworthy third parites makes the markets to which the average
person has access an unequal playing field in comparison to those
unaverage outliers sucking at the cantillion teet of stolen human time.

Knowing this, that we willingly participate in the fiat system
performatively contradicts our aspiration that bitcoin should one day
replace it. You may not feel you participate willing, or may not see any
problem with it. I, however, no longer wanting to entertain fantasies of
bitcoin\'s future, deem it worthy of effort and attention to foster its
present; to answer by action the question of *How do we get where we
want to be?*

Bitcoin has no value to me in waiting around for the price in dollars to
go up. I see bitcoin as better implementation of the social technology
of money. Relying on dollars and other fiat currencies as the feedback
mechanism for price discovery cannot work. Building the future of
bitcoin as better money relies less on consuming the fiat world than
disassociating from it.

I lodge the following criticism regularly at much of the cryptoconomy:
when we use these new digital tools to rebuild the systems of the old
world, we likely recreate the inequity and corruption of that old world.
Why would we want to recreate the fiat price discovery methodology in a
marketplace with better money?

The truth for many boils down to an emotional dependence on the fiat
system. We fear the great unknown future, moreso when we refuse to build
it ourselves.

This brings me full circle to highlight a point of contention I raise
with Maxis, specifically of the hodlr variety. A few weeks ago the
question came up: does hodling count as adoption? Caught in a certain
train of thought I argued in the negative, specifying my concernt that
if everyone hodled bitcoin would have no use (in a practical sense) and
therefore little value.

In contriving bitcoin as more of a savings account than a speculative
play at getting rich, hodling fails to satisfy other aspects of bitcoin
as money, most importantly here its use for exchanging value. How much
longer will we abide in reluctant conplacency the requirement to dip
back in to fiat currency to pay for every day goods and services? Who
has the courage and when will they take the risk in building the native
bitcoin economy, dettached from government currencies as a point of
pride and existential necessity? What impact will that have on the
world? Perhaps not in the first instance, but in the second or third
generational iterance? I await.
