---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

True scarcity in the digital landscape.

A few weeks ago at bitcoin brunch I argued with a telecom employee who
vehemently equated internet piracy with theft. He compared digital
piracy to breaking and entering, and stealing physical objects from a
person\'s home. I emphatically disagreed with this! He suggested we
agree to disagree.

Not until today did I consider that perhaps his moral values prevented
his considering my amoral argument about the necessary circumstances for
theft. I failed to recognize he and I debated different things.

Our society developed moral values in a world of physical scarcity, both
natural and imposed. Too many people who value the imposed scarcity of
intellectual media fail to recognize the potential increased utility (or
profit) of digital abundance. Many of our notions of right and wrong
regarding goods and services formed in such a state and it seems to me
our culture, much like our laws, does not adapt as quickly to
technologies\' impact in changing our circumstances.

Imposed scarcity suffers from emergent black markets because government
violence can\'t reach everywhere all the time. Copyrights and patents
can\'t stop people transmitting intellectual media because government
violence cannot reach every computer all the time, but unlike the realm
of physical goods, intellectual media does not have natural scarcity. It
can be shared infinitely without diminishing the original. Information
on the internet has natural abundance.

True scarcity cannot come from violence. The reliance on energy to mine
bitcoin represents the analog between digital and physical world, the
source of true scarcity in the digital landscape.
