---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

I once considered a project in which I would claim a roadway
intersection like a panhandler, stalking the spaces between parked cars
holding up a song menu in hopes people would buy songs from me. In other
words: in exchange for their dollars I would sing\--perhaps only a short
series of wordless notes, an impromptu ditty, or the chorus of a song
they favor.

At first my friends find surprise in my talent for singing as I don\'t
mention it other than when contextually appropriate. Like with few other
things, I feel deep passion for music\--for how it represents a fusion
between abstraction and coherence. However, I won\'t indulge in that
tangent because I want to discuss asking for money!

I read at least two news articles documenting the poor man\'s fortune
acquired by some panhandlers. I imagined that if instead of simply
requesting a handout, I offered value in return I might garner a larger
fortune than even the more successful of beggars, but despite the
soundness of my notions I couldn\'t muster the will to do it. I felt
shame in the idea of asking for money.

At the time this didn\'t disturb me as much as in retrospect. Perhaps I
would fail the attempt and have a memory, perhaps a lesson from which to
learn something about myself or the world. I didn\'t learn that
particular lesson, and so what bothers me is that I knew how to ask for
money, and in my so-called professional life asked many people for
money. Many of those people gave me money; some of them gave me a lot of
money; but that money wasn\'t really for me, it was for the service or
good I would render in service as my occupation of employment. And
though some of that money might, in some weird fuzzy accounting trick,
come back to me in the form of my income, you may not begrudge me saying
I did not ask for money for myself. I did it in self-interest, surely,
but I also did it in someone else\'s interest

I easily fixate on the dilemma of whether the differences in asking
(strangers on the street or in the marketplace) for money reasonably
justifies my future-shame for an act I never attempted. Does the
association with panhandling, bums, homelessness explain the shame I
feel?

Comparing and contrasting the ways and times I asked people for money, I
cannot easily intellectually justify my shame. Nor can I intellectually
condemn the people who ask for money for no reason other than to have it
themselves. I find myself in an easy, comfortable, rationalized revolt
against a caste system of income types. All economic exchange, including
momentary, on-demand supermarket purchases, or filling out a job
application with its respective interview, involves asking for or
offering someone money.

We shroud it in ritual, social standards or expectations, but eventually
precisely what makes something an economic exchange involves money
changing hands first an amount decides upon, either cooperatively,
competitively, or altruistically. In the supermarkret they make sure to
have a price on everything! At the checkout the cash register now has a
screen to ensure you see every amount you\'ve agreed to pay them, and
finally the total with appropriate taxes added. The person helping you
may say little other than to tell you the total. \"Hello, good
afternoon\... You\'re total will be \... Thank you for shopping here.\"
Corporate management has anesthetized a profession called, long ago in
an America far far away, customer service.
