the paradigm of newly established financial independence allowed with
bitcoin as money.*

A couple weeks ago we tackled a query by one participant of the brunch
regarding the intention or implications of the phrase, \"code is law.\"
Personally a fan, I consider it worthwhile attempting to address its
appeal. Let me first attend to the definition. Code refers to that which
underlies a computing protocol, defining its behavior, and law like the
laws of physics, setting the limits for physical possibility. Be sure to
distinguish notions of law deriving wholy from human culture and those
derived through correspondence with reality. In a billion lifetimes the
gravitational constant remains static. The laws of people, unlike those
of science or math, change readily with the decisions and social
preferences of humans. In that way I find the laws of people much more
like the code of bitcoin, but as a result of my conscious decision to
participate, I accept that code as the technical limits of digital
possibility.

In another turn of phrase, you may like to think of it as a social
contract. The important buzzwords such as 21 million, Nakamoto
consensus, etc. represent the law of the bitcoin land without
expectation or demand that in the physical world we have a feedback
mechanism to enforce the code. In fact, many results of this seem in
direct contradiction to other values we hold dear.

With bitcoin, posession is not nine-tenths of the law as in the cliche,
but ten-tenths! I don\'t say this to forgive situations where people
give up their private keys to other parties, who then transfers the
bitcoin beyond the person\'s control. However I do hope that with time
the reevaluation of money in light of bitcoin can reshape social
mechanisms to address the problems that exist, but we generally ignore
because we expect our big brother to handle it for us.

Can we much longer tolerate how big brother handles things? I can think
of no institution which respects private property less , \"the greatest
purveyor of violence in the world today\--my own government.\" Realizing
this contradiction, I cannot entrust my or any government to resolve the
social problems that plague our societies. We must define, as societies
and communities, the concepts and customs around ownership and
mechanisms to enforce control over property.

As usual, however, I will only allude to, but not illuminate the ways to
do that.


