---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Value in the Digital Landscape

Having alluded to my personal beliefs about an illegitimacy in
monopolizing information exchange on the internet, it seems appropriate
to explore therefore legitimate means of revenue generating from content
creation allowed by modern telecommunications, without any threat of
violence to protect profits.

The advent of abundance in the digital landscape changes not only the
supply of a good or service, but, as such, the opportunity costs in
providing and acquiring goods and services. With internet musicians no
longer needs record companies to produce records to disseminate their
music and music retailers no longer confine listeners to their
commercially-constricted offerings. Digital abundance allows these two
end-points in an economic exchange to by-pass unnecessary, vampiric
interlopers, and focus on maximizing value. This is a double edged
sword. Creators and consumers can both capture value back from the
clutches of archaic business practices, and also increase the overall
value of their experience due to increased autonomy.

I often repeat that the value of money comes from the values in the
community, and that our own faith in any future value of a money
reflects our faith in the future values of our communities. Consider
further that if value comes from the bonds and utility shared and
cultivated in communities, it stands to reason that the more communities
in which creators and consumers find themselves, the more value to which
they have exposure.
