---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

A movement of movements

The ability for people to communicate immediately despite distance
allows us to organize based on our shared interests despite geography.
This has changed how we do so things over the last 120 years. The lag of
correspondence shrunk in the course of decades from days/weeks/months
depending on distance to less than a second!

How much of our modern history stems from the ripples of
telecommunications? I wonder how much popular culture existed before
radio. Governments and religions expended vast human capital to
influence culture and shape minds. Now giant megacorps monopolize
frequencies and infrastructural rights of way to continue that process.

They want wealth and power, or best yet, the power to control wealth;
therefore power to control our wealth; and implicitly the power to
control us. Where as they have already dictated the physical realm to
this circumstance, the potentials of the digital landscape present a
novel means of penetrating these constricting chains of control. We can
reclaim the physical realms for freedom and find more creative means of
addressing the limitations of space and time besides resorting to
centralized control.

Despite what seems like attempts to impose omnipresent artificial
scarcity online, fountains of infinite abundance remain extant. We
should take advantage of this possibly infinite digital wealth to
eventually but unstoppably grow bubbles of self-determination and
willful interdependence.

For the first time in my lifetime, and perhaps in a long time,
technology and culture have synchronized allowing constant waves of
social movements, but like a few generations ago, will we let greed
transform our great dreams into superficial novelties sold in gift
shops? Will we allow thought-leaders far removed from out realities to
decide the direction or our lives and cultures? We certainly will if we
continue to use centralized, algorithmically curated sources of
information to live rent-free in our consciousness.

For so long constricted to online outrage and affinity herding, today,
we have the opportunity to reshape our futures by meeting in person and
building it face to face. Despite the novelty of new artistic media, we
do ourselves a great disservice in forgetting that the greedy can use
all forms of media to manipulate our thoughts and influence our
behaviors. Algorithms can\'t commoditize our lives if we live them
personally, though. When we get together and talk to each other, voice
to voice, face to face, they lose all power.

If, instead, we further dedicate our priceless time to building our
futures in other peoples playgrounds I have no doubt they will continue
using us like their play-toys.
