---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Taking the culture with us

If bitcoin represents the future of money then bitcoin also represents
the future of socially valuing art.

Expect me not to say much about art for a while, and for the best. I
have little authority which which to speak on art, or the art industry.
However, as a human being, like any other, I have some authority on
personal enjoyment and subjective value. I say the value of the money in
a community reflects the values held in the community. Art, as a spear
of culture, both embodies the interests of our society while at same
time influencing or creating those interests.

While I see bitcoin as better money, I don\'t let this consideration
prevent me from exploring the other aspects of humanity which occupy our
time. Which bitcoiner doesn\'t like music? An have an author they like a
lot? Maybe a movie they enjoy? The arts provide some of the greatest
pleasures of life.

We all like different things, of course, though many intersections often
exist. When I consider the scope of my own artistic tastes, I think on
that tenuous nature of culture I alluded to last week. How much art does
times swallow in its indiscriminate forward motion? How many bar songs
sung on thousands of occasions now beg the question of if a tree falls
in the woods and no one\'s around to hear it does it make a sound? Does
it matter any more?

If I have a good time and a good life, and one day no one can remember
it, does it matter? If through my joy I have some lasting impact beyond
my extant years, could it matter then? We can only answer these final
queries subjectively, through the filter of our personal values and
beliefs.

History and my own experience with fellow humans lead me to believe, as
I contended last week, that at some point many people concern themselves
with their personal legacy; the impact they can have on their society
with their living actions, that outlasts their mortal flesh.

At the opposite end of the spectrum, I find a measure of satisfaction in
the idea that some things will disappear as soon as I cease existing to
remember them. This fleeting nature grants a uniqueness and scarcity to
our experiences which we can\'t possibly share with others. Let\'s call
this living in the moment.

Somewhere in between these two extremes in the spectrum of personal time
preferences exists the space and time in which we share culture
socially. In most cases we partake in those rituals and signals
developed elsewhere and by others, as a show (perhaps subconscious) of
camaraderie and affinity. In few situations do we generate the culture
which others ritualize and commoditize. Artists have just such a
profession. They create the culture we live.

Therefore and finally, let me conclude in regards to art NFTs. Most of
these projects capturing our attention will last only as long as our
attention span, while the rare panoply will outlast the span of our
lives. Should that matter to you? Placing your bets on crustaceans and
orcas may earn you lots of money, but I find the great opportunity in
living culture. Regularly I see more influencers of hearts and minds
turning their attentions and efforts to the cultural sphere generated in
the wake of bitcoin.

I look curiously to the potential fruits of these tenuous labors, as
they build the livelihood of their works on platforms engineered with
faulty ethical logic. In retrospect we will in so many cases recognize
as the art the ability to extract profit from the social trend, more so
than cultural phenomena of the artwork created. Despite these inevitable
mishaps, pocket holesof abandoned followers, I plan to see the
entertainment in it all, and expect to thoroughly enjoy myself.
