
When applying for a job you find in the form a field asking your desired
salary and if you have an answer too ambitious you get an awkward few
minutes during the interview where you either succumb to less than your
desire, or continue searching for a job. However if you undervalued
yourself and put an amount well before the number they would have
accepted, do you imagine the interviewer will talk you up? Tell you that
you asked for too little and will get more? Doubtful.

So much in economic exchanges depends on each party\'s access to
information. How much does it cost? How much are competitors selling it
for? How badly does this person want it? Three of perhaps infinite
questions one might ask, but imagine the decision making power one has,
or lacks, if they have the answer to these questions but the other
person does not?

In more general circumstances, how do we make economic decisions when we
lack important information? To some extent, arbitrarily. We take
chances, we got with our gut feeling and let come what may.

In practice this leads to tremendous social incoherence. (Not to argue
that one should prefer coherence.)

That chaos we might call, in this circle, the free market\--the billions
of transactions humans engage in every day with varying qualities of
information. And it leads to regret, success, debt, largesse. It leads
to everything we see here, granted the impacts of regulation. Regulation
can\'t dictate desire and less still enjoyment.

These experiences defy communicative coherence. Ideologues may
bastardize similarities to impose homogeneity, but your desires and your
enjoyment exist only to and for you. You have unique experiences which
defy organized comparison. Beyond wearing similar clothing, living in
similar boxes, consuming similar foods, enjoying similar weather, etc.,
the uniqueness of your experience defines the free market.


