---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Morality of the Wheel

*If we imagine bitcoin as better money, should we also think that fixing
the money fixes other aspects of society?*

Last week a question of the necessary moral impact of bitcoin on society
became a point of contention among some participants at this gathering,
and I certainly allude to this type of thinking often. Technology allows
us to do new things, or old things in new ways, but it cannot choose for
us what we do. Therefore, I want to address the notion of bitcoin being
good in my roundabout fashion through an analogy of the wheel.

Second only to sliced bread in mentions of important human inventions,
the wheel must changed so many things for our species, including our
capacity to reshape the world around us. However, before we comfortably
conclude that the wheel is a good invention, let us deliberate on its
use. The baggage train serves as important a role to nomadic people as a
traveling army. A train can bring food to hungry people as readily as
weapons for use in stealing food from people.

How much will we humanize wheels in attributing moral quality to them
for the results of their use? The only limits on the capabilities of our
tools comes from our creativity. None of the horrors facilitated by the
endless applications of things that spin in a circle can detract from
their awesome utility. Do we limit our creativity, or perhaps our
analytical breadth, when we indulge in assigning morality, positive or
negative, to something like the wheel or bitcoin?

Some may find that an unreasonable comparison, the wheel which underlies
so many of modern engineered life and bitcoin, a decade old technology
which has yet make its mark on history, but I write this particularly
for those who understand, with me, the awesome utility of bitcoin for
humans. For others, the conundrum still applies: engaging our tools
through the mental models of our morality limits our creativity and this
applies equally to physical and intellectual tools.

Much more than a physical thing, the wheel exists as an idea in our
minds. Those able to adopt the idea and manipulate it in their heads
built for themselves futures before impossible, and in these futures
comes a power over those unable to replicate the intellectual exercise
of the wheel, but dependent on its use. I little need to explain the
importance of practical knowledge, as the USA suffers from a growing
shortage of skilled labor, and most people can\'t fix much of anything.

Understanding bitcoin requires its own intellectual skilled labor, and
those able adopt the idea and manipulate it will have a unique position
of power over those unable. I have the great pleasure of knowing many
bitcoiners using that power to bring beauty and happiness to the world,
but I don\'t confuse that with a default. I also meet ravenously greedy
people. They, too, will use bitcoin as an amazing tool.
