of other such historical phenomena with potential parallels to our
modern conundrum.

Looking fondly into past, renaissance intelligentsia attempted to
recreate in their own works a seemingly everlasting grandeur of
classical arts. As it seemed to them of ancient Hellenic and Roman
empires, the masters of the universe wanted to create culture that would
last forever knowing full well their own empires shared the same fate as
those before them, but these news emperors built domains of commerce
more so than geographical boundary. While acquiring and managing
accumulation of vast wealth, many economic emperors hosted a court of
creatives and commissioned troves of works to manufacture a legacy
likewise unbound by geography. If you can recall any of the legendary
works it attests to some success of those goals. Though we forget the
names of most of those purse-string-patrons, their commissions and the
works those commissions accommodated, influence culture to this day.

Over the last ten years a new class of economic emperor began forming
from the advent of cryptocurrency markets. Modern technologies allow for
more exchanges to happen in more distant places in a non-stop
marketplace. Fortunes may come and go quickly online, but some acquire
and manage accumulation of vast wealth and they may not long find
satisfaction in putting their names on sports stadiums. They eventually
want their own sports teams; their own sports leagues; I argue, even
their own countries; but at some point members of this arising group
stop competing to superficially show off, and instead use their wealth
and power to lastingly reshape the culture of their society.

Humans long ago mastered the skill of reshaping culture in the modern
era, but the ease with which mainstream tastes change reveals a tenuous
and fleeting nature of our culture. If we think back on famous artists
of bygone epochs, how many come to mind? I imagine so many artists
forgotten to time due either to low quality production or low quality
product.

I see it happen in my own lifetime, and those older than me likely in
theirs. How much culture came and went, to disappear to memory. How many
songs you will never hear again and not care. How many movies you won\'t
watch again, and good riddance. we find out creative industries riddled
with corrupt greed, infesting every aspect of their work. Rather than
the standard, good art is the exception to the rule. It requires a
commitment other than to financially profit, but we find industries
where creativity relies entirely on the ability to sell the next piece.
Perhaps that any good art comes from this morass we may need attribute
to luck!

And now we come to today, 2021, our year of the art NFT. At brunch
we\'ve discussed mental models for understanding the phenomena, and
shortcomings in conventional wisdom around the topic. While some
blockchains have the capacity to store files, most limit themselves to
the already monumental task of logging transactions. While the craze
relies necessarily on the gravity of blockchains created by bitcoin, the
phenomena of NFT is mostly a blockchain phenomena to the extent that a
transaction points to a file in some manner. The NFT, the token on the
blockchain, is not the art itself.

When bitcoiners poke fun at NFTs, particularly the jibe that one can
merely copy and paste an NFT, rendering it worthless, I wonder the
extent to which they even understand bitcoin. You cannot just copy and
paste bitcoin though you could literally copy and paste the bitcoin
blockchain.

The public ledger is a record of chain of custody. Who had what and when
they had it. Chain of custody plays a very important role in the arts.
Owning the real thing connects you to the creator in a way that a
masterfully made, but known forgery cannot.

However, in understanding this, I feel the need beckon the artists and
patrons of our day and the coming years, to consider wisely how you use
blockchains to redefine the relationship between artists and their
livelihood, and how that will shape your legacy. If, as is so common
now, you simply latch on to these technologies because they are
practical today in turning a profit, then most likely you will be
swallowed up by history, forgotten in your own lifetime, and it would be
luck if something wonderful and lasting emerged from it. Not because
todays artists lack talent, or the patrons lack money but because the
artists are using low quality materials, and the patrons lack the vision
to fund them to use those materials.


