---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

The Proof in the Stake

*In consideration of a fundamental lack of novelty in Ethereum and
Ethereum Killers, or how proof of stake simply recreates the horrors of
the old fiat financial word in our new world of digital abundance.*

If I sometimes warn that bitcoin fixing money does not then fix
everything else about society, I here and now concern myself with how
utterly worse things can get in the new, duplicitously named,
decentralized economic marketplace. Amounting to little more than new
companies, altcoins, NFTs, and DAOs come and go as such, repeating the
same business methodologies of yesteryear, draped in post-modern,
contemporary buzzwords. Most companies fail, some don\'t, and fewer
achieve great success. Don\'t misunderstand\--I recognize an importance
within current regulatory circumstances for companies to create jobs, as
our societies *need* so many jobs, but I beckon you to use this parallel
as a means to demistify the trapings of cryptocurrencies and see the
projects and protocols which abound in their true nature, which means
that some minor few will pioneer the world of tomorrow and most of what
you know will not exist in that future.

The establishment of Bitcoin catalyzed a new culture: those who saw the
possibilities of our future in this nascent technology. With that
gravity came waves of innovations, many of which established their own
gravity, but dependent on Bitcoin for momentum. Beyond this
relationship, most *crypto* projects take no influence from the Bitcoin
protocol. Altcoiners often call it old, boring, and slow, ignoring the
design, economics, and community of Bitcoin. Over the last few years
many crypto-projects arose promising to change the world, but by and
large they function as profit-seeking businesses, indistinguishable from
traditional enterprises not relying on jargon like decentralization.

Most altcoins use heavily centralized networks. Premines give
overwhelming financial advantages to developers and early investors.
With the advent of Proof of Stake, newly generated tokens or coins
accrue to those who already have the most of the asset, and finally,
blocksor transactions get verified by unknown third parties due to the a
high hardware costs of running a full node. Compare this to Bitcoin.
Miners compete in blocks games and win block prizes. To give themselves
an edge they engage in grand capital expenditures to manifest the
computing power necessary to outperform other firms. Therefore to mine
more bitcoin it matters not how much bitcoin you have, but how much
money you actually spend in getting the work done. The blocks
themselves, containing block rewards and network transactions, then
require verification by the nodes of the network. The bitcoin node
sitting on my desk at home plays some tiny role in this process,
ensuring that the miner claiming the current block did not cheat, but
also that the other nodes in the network did not propagate bad
information.

We call these rules for verifying new blocks the Nakamoto Consensus, and
it represents a staggering achievement of both human intellect and
practice. Nakamoto Consesus harmonizes human cooperation and competition
in way impossible before modern telecommunications. My friend the Panda
Man likes to bring up the idiom that *there\'s nothing new under the
sun*, but I heartily disagree. In our lifetimes we watched the birth of
something new, bitcoin. In ignoring Nakamoto Consensus, I confidently
tell you that bitcoin is not crypto. Don\'t confuse the two.
