
Satoshi\'s Vision

*Further reflection on the capacity of influencers to manipulate or
mislead their audience, regardless of intentions. Particularly in the
light of the contemporary character, Satoshi Nakamoto, who cannot defend
against misuse of their image.*

In 2021 the idea of multiple pretenders to the title of the real Bitcoin
came as news to me. Unaware of the controversies, conflicts, and
capitulations occuring in the years prior, I found myself easily
confused by the plethora of zealous claimants. In one year I met people
shilling Epic, Bitcoin Cash, and Bitcoin Satoshi Vision, each
respecticaly as the *real* bitcoin.

When I consider something decentralized, permissionless, leaderless, I
don\'t so much concern myself with fallacious arguments from authority
that one such or another project more strictly adheres to the tennets
prescribed in a canonical foundational document, so as I found these
sectarians descending upon my humble gathering, espousing the importance
of their project *due* to **it** adhering to the Bitcoin whitepaper
where BTC itself had not, I could only engage open-mindedly to attempt
seeing what about *their ****bitcoin*** being the **[true
bitcoin]{.underline}** meant I should consider entertaining their pet
project in distraction from my own. Let me be clear, after weeks and
weeky of dealing with people\'s pet projects during the hours of my own
pet project, I say confidently that they serve no purpose but to
distract\--they hope for long enough to weaken your resolve and ensnare
you in their cult. Don\'t confuse a friendly demeanor or thorough
conviction with a healthy social phenomena. These people come as
harbingers of self-satisfied personality-cults ready to extract your
time and value in the name of their totemic symbol, the Bitcoin
whitepaper, or as originally entitled, \"Bitcoin A Peer-To-Peer
Electronic Cash System\".

With that essay also a novelty to me in 2021 I could not immediately
address the argument that one or another cryptocoin faithfully followed
this essay, where BTC did not, but I quickly thought to look upon these
projects skeptically because when I opened a bitcoin wallet that existed
before any so-called hard forks, or re-launches, it had BTC in it, not
BCH or BSV, or whatever. I did get around to reading the white paper,
and it further entrenched my skepticisim because when they tell you
their project follows the whitepaper they don\'t mean that their token
comes from the timechain with the most proof-of-work started by Satoshi
Nakamoto in 2009. They mean, to use an analogy, that they found the
Catholic church corrupted and astray from the example set by Jesus, but
rather than following the example set by Jesus in deed, they took the
bible, and started their own religion based on their own interpretation.

I find this analogy so ripe for the occassion because one cannot
reasonably compare the bitcoin community to a monolith like Catholic
church, and yet such delusional categorization rests at the foundation
of an argument that BTC does not follow the white paper. Weak-willed
beings unable to think for themselves need monoliths, both in which to
believe and scapegoat. To emotionally justify their adherence to a
crypto-con, they must turn their confidence-game into a battle of good
versus evil. I don\'t usually play such games, but it strikes me as
unnecessarily evil to demand adherence to a literary canon, despite the
interests and efforts of our communities. Bitcoin attracted a diverse
group of thinkers who certainly do not all agree on everything, but
recognize the importance of nakamoto consensus. How can Wasabi and
Samourai both exist in the same universe, but these pretenders cannot?
The former two look at the white paper as a starting point for a
movement, the latter use it as a cudgel to ensure ideological purity.

Therefore, I state readily and confidently that BTC bitcoin does **not**
follow the white paper and it should not. Instead, bitcoin should
continue as community effort, without a leader to decide where we go
next. We each decide for ourselves where we go next. I imagine that as
the real Satoshi\'s vision: not some VC backed finance project, but a
permissionless, decentralized money that allows us to be ourselves
regardless of what others want or think. In the conclusion of the essay
Satoshi Nakamoto wrote, \"Nodes can leave and rejoin the network at
will, accepting the proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while
they were gone.\" I left bitcoin around 2016, rejoined at the end of
2020, and accept the proof-of-chain as proof of what happened while I
was gone. BTC is the real bitcoin.


