---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Imagine the hyperbitcoin. Finally detached from fiat dollar valuations,
demand for bitcoin more reasonably reflects the its utility. What value
does an economy get from honest money? We might first reclaim those
defficiencies enforced by a FIAT money system: restricted, regulated,
monitored exchange. Beyond the negatives, what might we expect in a
world of bitcoin circular economies?

While so many wonder and worry about the impending doom of our economy,
I see the world already crashes down around us in an epic and tragic
slow motion. Like a phoenix out of the ashes, bitcoin offers a means of
assessing and exchanging value regardless of the circumstances which
might befall one or another civilization. History tells the tales of so
many grand social experiments which ended one way or another, but
through it all human beings persisted. Those keen enough saved what they
could from the crumbling socieites, while pursued the contruction of new
ones.

What systems will we destroy in the pursuit of better money? Fix the
money fix the world, some say.

Creative destruction, the idea that a new business may redirect and
therefore absorb the revenue of an extant company. I think we could
apply it to so much more than just businesses. Why not likewise to pop
culture? Or social movements? Social phenomena, like that of a business,
require multiple people to put in their time, talent, and treasure on an
ongoing basis for sustenance. If those people now divert their resources
to other focii, wether from one religion to another, or one political
party to another, or one streaming video service to another, these all
represent social phenomena with economic implications. So, too, does the
decision to use one currency over another.

What happens as more and more people do this with the money itself?
Migrating from the realm of government dictate to that of voluntary
human cooperation. Does bitcoin yet have the infrastructure necessary to
facilitate this conversion by millions more people all over the globe?
Perhaps more importantly, can the extant governments and markets and
economies withstand the impact of those hordes extracting their talents
and skills from the fiat domain?
