
Tainted Money

\
You might come across the idiom: *put your money where your mouth is*,
but as concerns the dollar, its mere use puts our value squarely at the
mouths of those controlling its supply. Especially apparent in my
lifetime, the purchasing power of the government comes not from rent
seeking mechanisms such as taxes and tarrifs, but instead from its
ability to manifest new currency backed by \"the full faith and credit
of the United States.\" With a national debt now towering above \$30T,
how much longer can we ignore that they spend this money from the stolen
aggregate value which individuals create in the economy. More
importantly, how much longer will we ignore the dehumanizing, soul
crushing implications of actively participating in the use of their
bad-faith, blood money.

Full faith and credit of the United States means populations mindlessly
grinding on while the money-masters skim off the top of our productivity
to finance the endlessly consumptive grandiosity of the big brother
maintenance, expansion, and self-justification program.

Some argue that criminals using bitcoin associates bitcoin with their
behaviors, but of course I disagree with them. In viewing money as a
social tool, I do not morally associate with the tool the activities of
the individuals who use it. Therefore, despite any objections I might
make against particular criminal behavior, I do not consider them an
inherent problem of money, but of humans.

Contrary to that train of thought I think of as inherent problems in a
money, the actions of those who impose that money on humanity.
Governments and banks create and enforce money on humanity, and in the
act consume the value of the people participating in the economy. What
an existential threat! In continuing to willingly participate in this
fiat dollar system we not only give them the power to do those things we
find evil, but in doing so the power to steal part of our souls!


