
Excuse me if you heard this one before, but I recall the start of a
bitcoin brunch either the Sunday before or after a conference in town.
We usually get an influx of out of towners looking to try some of the
local flavor. One such attendee from New York, arrived rather early,
probably right around 10 am. Most people come after 12. I encountered
this fellow just at the entrance to our hosting establishment, Naomi\'s
Garden, wearing all dark colors, and with dark hair. I don\'t recall how
we struck up a conversation\--I make it a point to welcome anyone I
can-and this visitor quickly rubbed me the wrong way by asking me, \"Did
you know Bitcoin SV is the real bitcoin?\"

It always arrives as somewhat of a slap in the face when someone comes
to bitcoin brunch to polemicise, promulgate, publicize, or propagandize
on behalf of *some cryptocoin*. While I vigorously maintain an open door
in regards to who attends these gatherings, I call it Bitcoin Brunch for
a reason. What a bold affront to come here with the purpose of berating
or belittling bitcoin as a technology, and taking advantage of my open
door policy to come and argue bitcoin has no future as money, but their
coin does.

In my May essay, \"From the heights of the Moon to the depths of
Terra,\" I wrote, \"I tell a tale of the greatest proportions of hubris,
wreaking havoc on average joes all across the planet Earth.\" I think of
those religious proselytizers who feel so vehemently and
self-righteously about their moral and ethical framework they literally
enter your home and try to convince you of their worldview. I find this
a great analogy because after so many weeks dedicated to the pursuit of
a greater public discourse on the future of humanity and my life as part
of it, I consider Bitcoin Brunch somewhat of an intellectual home, and
when you come here, manipulate the space I cultivated, brainwash people
new to the space, or antagonize us, it feels like a home invasion.

Therefore, if this sounds like a sermon, understand I won\'t apologize,
give excuses, nor justify standing up every week and reading one of
these expositions. Call me selfish, or inconsiderate, or perhaps
demanding and entitled, but I earned myself this momentary reprieve from
whatever people come to talk about involving crypto, not bitcoin. The
bitcoin in Bitcoin Brunch stands for that collective effort which
started with Satoshi Nakamoto on November 1st, 2009, but it doesn\'t end
with Satoshi, nor fallacious arguments of his authority in guiding the
future of bitcoin. In otherwords, BSV, or BCash, are not the real
bitcoin. Bitcoin is the real bitcoin.


