---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Sat Swap Meet Part 1

Last week I had some concern regarding the reception of the Sat Swap
idea. I wanted to create a learning experience, but not a boring one. To
my surprise most everyone seemed to enjoy themselves in the otherwise
extremely mundane act of sending a few sents to another person.

Due to the frictionless and fruitful nature of the Swap, I plan to
conduct several more and even encourage others to put on their own.

To concisely review, at a Sat Swap everyone first confirms they have a
lightning compatible wallet, and fund it in a small amount. (Last week I
chose 2500 satoshis, and freely gave that amount to anyone who didn\'t
already have any.) Then the host starts the swap by picking another
person and sending them 2000 sats. That person, in turn, picks someone
who has not yet participated to whom they will send 2000 sats. And so
forth, until finally someone must send 2000 sats back to the host.

A successful Sat Swap (regardless of any bumps in the rode, especially
in the funding stage of the ritual) empirically demonstrates the current
ease with which we can use bitcoin to conduct micropayments. Though only
done once, I consider the first Sat Swap proof positive of bitcoin\'s
readiness to impact small businesses.

I agreed with someone last week that the developing nations have more
rapid economic growth potential than the rich nations. A little goes a
long way in a place where people have little. Now with the benefits of
hindsight recognize the possibility of bitcoin not so much to make
USAmericans richer, but to allow for a reorganization of this economy
that inevitably impacts how when we choose to exchange value with
others.

I have little love for the anesthetized, mass marketed consumer
experiences of our new roaring 20s. I do not believe that the current
trends in government-subisidized and regulated mix markets empowers
communities to withstand adversity. To the contrary, the extent to which
most world governments *needed* to save people from the pandemic
demonstrates the fragility of civilizations and utter dependence of the
masses on our big brother.

With these concerns ever at the back of my mind, I experienced epiphone
when someone wrote in a chatroom the phrase \"sat swap meet.\" An idea
immediately manifested in my mind, something I saw so many times at
events, but with a twist that progresses the bitcoin culture: an
artisanal market where everyone accepts bitcoin!
