---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Another Analogy for Explaining Stablecoins and Bitcoin

I invent an asset whose value I peg to the monetary base of the nation.
Let\'s say I create twenty-one million units of this asset, and I peg
the value of the entirety of the assets to that of the entirey of the
monetary base. Rather than creating units equivalent to a dollar, I
create an asset equivalent to the sum of all the created dollars.
Therefore, we might easily calculate the value of my asset compared to
dollars by dividing all the created dollars by the twenty one million
units of my asset, let\'s call it a stablecoin. I cannot arbitrarily
release the twenty one million units of my asset since objects don\'t
just take on value because I say so. To acquire the asset one must give
me dollars, and I will return them the fraction or multiple of units
commensurate with how many dollars they gave me. To make this thought
experiment extremely simple let us assume at the time of calculation the
existence of twenty one million X (21,000,000\*X) dollars, (X being some
arbitrary number) and running our calculation we find the value of one
stablecoin as X dollars. For every X dollars given to me I return one
stablecoin, which the bearer may use as they please, with my guarantee
that they gave me X dollars to acquire it.

Many of you may think it strange that I contrive the stablecoin in such
a manner, as a stable quantity of dollars rather than individual dollars
themselves, but I assure you that such an arbitrary distinction in
methodology does not change the mechanisms at play, and serves to convey
a point. My stablecoin has a reserve of X dollars per unit and I use a
blockchain to allow the public to audit the number of this asset
actually in circulation versus the number of dollars in our reserves. At
least that\'s how it will work. Or how it could work. Or perhaps I mean
how it should work. Maybe how someone might hope it to work\...

Aside from the typical problems inherent to the stablecoin idea, **my**
stablecoin obviously suffers from a specifically quantitative issue, but
one which I think should concern anyone who depends on FIAT money as a
long term play for the global economy. I have no idea how many dollars
exist. Between the corporate and central banks engaging in chronic,
illegal, secret financial practies, government necessarily gives lying
estimates of the money supply, and private academics can do little more
but guess at what they cannot see. Like metereologists we can use the
best mathematical models and still get things severely wrong because at
any moment vast quantities of money can manifest or disintegrate. By
FIAT the USA Federal Reserve system can create twenty-one million X
dollars and buy all of my asset. If it can do this to my hypothetical
stablecoin, by what fantastic exclusion do you think any other asset
pegged to the dollar can excape the insanity money from nothing?

While some may see the price of bitcoin as pegged to the dollar, think
of all those people who will not sell their bitcoin no matter the dollar
price. These harbingers of the eventual unpegging of the dollar from
bitcoin give us fair warning not to rely on the value of stablecoins.
Will you heed their warning, or will you peg your own livelihood to the
stability of the dollar?
