---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

The Bitcoin Only Band

***Preface: A Question of Values?***

In considering the technical barriers creatives face in making adequate
use of cutting edge bitcoin technologies, it seems at first the likely
compensation doesn\'t justify the effort required. Artists spend enough
time preparing and building their work and now they have to learn an
unrealted set of skills for the sake of streaming some sats? Given both
how quickly and slowly things change in bitcoin, I expect that when most
artists look at *Bitcoin: the Medium of Exchange*, they see an immature
paradigm for acquiring value. Anyone looking honestly at the situation
should agree with the premise.

Significant progression of Bitcoin culture requires proof-of-work, or
for some to lead by example. Just like with new blocks in the
blockchain, not all efforts will suffice for proof-of-work, and one
imagines this would apply to those whose body of work lies in the FIAT
world while they only dip their toes into the Bitcoin universe. This,
again, beckons the question: should an artist, today, attempt bitcoin
adoption as part of their commercial considerations?

As an idealogue, I find this line of thinking completely practical, but
far removed from my own priorities and aspirations. Some large part of
hyperbitcoinization will require decoupling from fiat currencies, either
a focused movement building momentum gradually over time, or quick jolts
of innovation which push things an order of magnitude greater than they
were before, likely both of these are necessary, the latter to bring in
necessary attention, and the former to give these masses something
supplementary to do if they get distracted from that which brought them
to the bitcoin economy in the first place. Only bitcoin native services
and products can fulfill this purpose because they must discover the
price of their goods and service in bitcoin or forever relegate
themselves to competition with the fiat economy. Commensurately, they
must offer a quality of goods and services unparalleled in the fiat
economy to establish a clientele ready to advance bitcoin economy and
culture with them. Imagine my bitcoin fantasy, an economy parallel to
that of fiat, offering a rich market place of unique goods and services,
engaged in international trade, and industrial production; this
marketplace hosts the wares of the most skilled and creative artisans in
the world; but it has one rule: you can only participate if you have
bitcoin.

***Bitcoin-First: A Price Discovery Model***

With that premise it might seems contradictory to use a band as an
example. The modern music industry relies heavily on the FIAT mechanisms
of copyright and trademark to manifest and sustain their profits. These
threats of violence meant to control the creation, reproduction,
distribution and commercialization of media put an artficial limit on
the creative and innovative output of humanity, and fly in the face of
the ideals enforced by the bitcoin protocol. This makes music a
fantastic test case for demonstrating the viability and importance of
bitcoin-only projects, by removing the complicity of artists in the
depravity and violence of the vestigial media industries.

Despite a noisy landscape due to the influence of bitcoin-dollarization,
bitcoin-first products, in pushing people to either give up their
bitcoin or buy bitcoin to get a certain good or service, creates a more
accurate value signal than the modern dollar exchange. The internal
calculation for spending bitcoin goes so much deeper than simply dollar
cost, including tax implications; bitcoin native economic exchanges
imply an alignment of values. Is that what you see when you look out at
the commercial world\--an alignment of values? I see a perversion of
values and a debasement in the quality of our social experiences.

A bitcoin first economy must generate the highest quality signal on
values, and will show creators and creatives what consumers want, when
we\'ve curtailed the superficial influences of constant brainwashing.
Considering this future parallel bitcoin economy inevitable, those
daring and courageous enought to start building this market can
establish the traditions and conventions underlying future industries.
From this, and competition, of course, I expect a grand reannaissance of
unique artistic production that will overturn the old ways without
bothering to intend it because quality and uniqueness have their own
gravity.

***Minimum Viable Product: The Bitcoin Only Band, a Bridge into the
Future***

In light of its more accurately represnting values, Bitcoin can serve as
a better price discovery mechanism than fiat currencies. To fulfill this
potential, and begin establishment of a FIAT-free culture, I propose the
bitcoin only band: a musical entertainment production which only accepts
bitcoin for payment, working within the value4value model, where they
give away the music files freely, but produce goods like merchandise and
services like a live concerts, to generate income.

While on face this appears like cutting off a stream of revenue, in
practice it removes the bulk of incentives for the existence of the
music industry as such. While the profits of copyrighted music accrue
centrally to the copyright holders, the cost of maintaining and
enforcing this systems rests primarily on the backs of the hoi-poloi.
Relinquishing a reliance on oppression of the audience can allow
creatives to redefine their financial and social relationship with the
audience. Perhaps even discover a new audience altogether.

Some of these first bitcoin-only-bands have the fantastic opportunity to
serve as landmarks in early bitcoin culture and history. They only need
to create art of a quality somewhat higher than kitsch, but catchy
enough to court an audience, and I don\'t mean to underplay the
difficulty of independent professional musicianship or creative
craftsmanship generally. Consider that challenge the opportunity of a
career as yet uninvented, though not unlike so many careers of
yesteryear. The Bitcoin Only Band appeals first to the bitcoin community
due to affinity, but thereafter can develop a geographic following by
regularly performing at the same bars and restaurants. For free, or
ticketed as the following calls for it. And if the audience, or even
just one person wants to make a special request, only honor it if they
pay for it! This rule should apply to the neophyte as well as a seasoned
group. Make art for your love and passion of the act, but honor requests
only at the other end of a clear economic exchange.

Imagine going through a set list, and then hearing the annoying clamours
of the crowd for a particularly popular, but tired song. How much better
might the band feel if they put up a QR code and half the audience sent
a fat wad of money behind that request? Does that cross a line? I\'ve
seen musicians do piano renditions of top 40 radio hits for tips to full
restaurants and leave home with thousands of dollars. An original band
can\'t pull that off too? Not every original band! Maybe not my band,
but what about your band?

And what about the fans? Will they pay? If you can offer them a more
authentic, higher quality, lower latency experience than they can get in
any of their other entertainment, will they still refuse to part with
any of their bitcoin to support the endeavor? The challenge of a
lifetime, a career, maybe a hobby, or something in between. Definitely
worthwhile. From this high bar will emerge a culture that will shake the
world. I only hope it happens in my lifetime!

P.S. To further consider this I will review, and recommend the essay
\"1,000 True Fans\" by Kevin Kelly and Amanda Palmer\'s TED talk, \"The
Art of Asking\"
