sadness and misery. Listen one, listen all as I tell a tale of the
greatest proportions of hubris, wreaking havoc on average joes all
across the planet Earth.

Last night I had a video chat with my father who lives on the opposide
side of the USA. My dad, though I love him, chronically FOMOS into
shillcoins and gets wrecked. I mean to say that when my father hears of
a project that interests him, his Fear Of Missing Out on making money
drives him to put his money in to altcoin projects that promise great
returns, but usually fail in some manner, eliminating most of the
monetary value he had to put in to participate.

While I hoped he wanted to talk to me about life and living, I found him
preoccupied with how to accurately read the smart contract information
of a new coin he purchased. As usual, I ignore his low-effort gamble to
seven-X his money by asking him questions about the project in attempt
to elicit critical thinking which might help him stop wasting his money
on crypto. He doesn\'t own any bitcoin. Unlike him, I don\'t preoccupy
myself with getting rich, but imagine how sad it makes me that my father
who has such concern, has known about bitcoin about as long as I have.
He could have been as rich as kings had he ever listened to me, but I
digress.

At some point in our conversation I asked him if he heard about the
UST/Luna crash and while he had heard of it, he didn\'t understand the
scope and extent of this disaster. He didn\'t know over 30 billion
dollars of market cap disappeared in a matter of days. He asked how that
could happen. Where did the money go? My attempt to answer didn\'t hit
the mark, but something occurred to m a couple hours before I wrote
this, after awaking at 2 am. Where did the money go?

I recalled another part of our discussion. When I mentioned Luna/UST to
him, he mentioned his token recently suffered an exploit, but he
believed in the community and the sincerity of the developers\'
intention to recover the project. Based on my understanding of DeFi
exploits, I inquired as to which exchanges listed the coin, wherein my
father explained to me the process by which he joined the ignoble ranks
of purportedly 18,000 trunk token speculators.

Step 1, take USA fiat currency and deposit it into a regulated crypto
exchange. Step 2, buy bitcoin. Step 3, send your bitcoin to a DeFi
platform in exchange for its native shillcoin. Step 4, exchange native
shillcoin for desired vaporcoin. I tried to point out the glaring
consistency in all of these fly-by-night pumpcoin projects: you need to
give up your bitcoin. He saw it as **just** the way to pay for crypto.
But why do they *ALL* accept bitcoin? I asked him. He said because
bitcoin is the foundation. \"Yes bitcoin is the foundation. They want
your bitcoin because it is money but why not put your dollars into that
solid foundation, rather than a house of cards?\" I used that exact
phrase, *house of cards*.

While preparing this essay I read the rekt.news article about Terra
Luna/UST. They open with: \"**It\'s over.** The [dark
horseman]{.underline} has arrive, and our house of cards is tumbling
down. A multi-billion dollars protocol has fallen, crushing the hopes
and dreams of thousands of users.\"

I tell you I don\'t have pyschic powers. These sentences write
themselves based on similar views of a wretched landscape. Of course we
see beauty, but we see it squandered and imperriled. Where does the
money go? It goes to exchanges. It goes to DeFi platforms. It goes to
psychotic crypto-cult thought leaders who delusionally believe they will
make you rich in the future by making themselve rich NOW.


