
With the recent public meltdown of FTX due to illiquidity of their
proprietary token, it seems apropos to remind people of something, so
simple and seemingly obvious to me, yet obscured and confounding to many
others. Transit Swap, BNB Bridge, Sovryn, TempleDAO, Mango Markets, DAO
Maker, Moola Market and Team Finance. I wish these were only booths or
tents in a family friendly circus, but don\'t take your children to The
Charlatans Circus. Despite my naming it such, I find it more like a
mall, but they don\'t have any items on the shelves or clothes hanging
from the racks, despite full employment and plenty of marketing
promoting sales and specials. Further and further down some path you go
and store after store, all of them packed, but none of them the same
size, their walls constantly shifting, as if the stores grow or shrink
when customers go in and out.

I approach someone leaving such a store, carrying what looks like a
large shopping bag. \"That looks heavy! What did you buy?\" They stop
and look a bit confused for a moment. \"Oh this? I just carry it around
to look busy. I have barely anything in it.\" So I inquire about what
they bought from the store. \"What? You don\'t buy anything in there.
You take your cryptos in their and generate yield. It\'s more like a
perpetual motion machine than a store.\" With a strong passion for
scientiffic endeavors I wonder where they get the energy. \"From whence
emerges the yield, shopper?\" \"Well this store takes my crypto and uses
it to invest in the other stores in the mall. How else would it generate
yield? Don\'t you understand how crypto works?\" I ask about which
stores in particular. This shopper came out of something called
Victoria\'s Secretions, and said their cryptos get the most yield from
another store in the mall called BestTeaSacks.

I head over there to find out what makes them generate the most yield,
accosting an unsuspecting shopper as they leave the store. \"Where did
you get that yield, huh?\" \"This?\" They ask seriously, pointing to a
bunch nothing in their other hand. \"This store does the best cryptos.
They take my cryptos and invest them in all the best stores in the mall.
And because we\'re so big, we can be special backroom deals that no
other stores can get. That\'s how I got this yield I hold in my hand
right now.\" He says, again, seriously, pointing at nothing in his hand.

The End.


