---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Shilling as a Business Model

*Characterizing altcoin projects as simply companies attempting to avoid
barriers to entry through reliance on a poorly regulated asset class may
lend itself as a legitimate criticism of projects associating themselves
with bitcoin.*

I regularly call into question the utility of altcoin projects aside
from as a mechanism for the creators/early investors to extract wealth
from their audience. When investors or entrepreneurs come to bitcoin
brunch and tell me about their pet project I often find myself asking:

-Why decentralize the service?

-Why connect it to a blockchain?

-Why use an altcoin rather than strictly denominating your finances in
dollars?

In most cases no sufficient answer exists. These projects use
decentralized blockchain altcoins to capture the momentum of
contemporary economic trends. In the greedy path to self-enrichment,
entrepreneurs desperately seek out any edge to help them raise money, as
if the qualities of their actual business idea can\'t cut it. Maybe they
can\'t, and in that case maybe they shouldn\'t these ideas as they
currenty exist!

Why don\'t we demand of ourselves a higher standard\--a greater vision
for the future than those which repackage the very corruption we so
desperately seek to escape? Or should we accept roles no better than
those of cut-throats and back-room dealers?

You can only see so many project pitches before noticing most have
little more to offer than good marketing and public relations. And when
they do, the association with decentralized blockchain altcoins
distracts from the purpose of the project idea. I find little middle
ground.

This criticism applies as much to altcoiners as to bitcoiners, who often
think themselves immune from the propensity to shill, while publicly
advocating cults of personality and counter-cultural sectarianism. If
the love of money is the root of all evils, what should you expect when
you hold money more dear than all else in your world? The shills will
trick you like anyone else.

Don\'t take me as having written this all to discourage you from
pursuing wealth and prosperity, but rather to encourage creativity and
the cultivation of ethics in your pursuits\--to strive to do more than
we ever believed we could because we never had the power to do as much
as we do right now. We deserve that world, but only if we build it.
