
*Or, in other words, do your own research!*

Commonly at bitcoin brunch we veer into the sociopolitical. Due to my
open arms policy in regards to pariticipatino, one finds all manner of
opinions here. I often ask people who bring up electoral politics, do we
need leaders? Leaders allow us to pass off responsibility for
decision-making and also critical thinking. Throughout so much of
history powerful leaders presided over such horrible acts as genocide
and national bankruptcy. While most have a general acknowledgment of
these, perhaps, extreme cases, I find many people still promote the
importance of leaders. I wonder if they view themselves as followers, or
whether they harbor some desire within themselves to aspire to
leadership.

As someone awaiting inevitable hyperbitcoinzation, I won\'t discount the
importance of popularizers and public speakers in disemminating
information throughout a society, but I look with great skepticism at
the role social networks play in reshaping modern culture and guiding
notions of what does and does not belong to a culture. More prominently
than in any previous digital venue, social networks have created
politically powerful subcultures composed of people who have never met.
They achieved this power by implementing sophisticated content curation
algorithms which increase engagement through emotional manipulation.

Therefore, can we trust the internet influencers who thrive on these
platforms? I think we should judge each case individually, recognizing
our biases, especially our emotional ones. Appreciate those you see as
thought leaders in a space, but consume them ever critically, lest their
faults or short-comings become your own. Worst of all, should they
falter from the path of sincerity and honesty, if you don\'t maintain
your equanimity in the face of their persuasion, you may get tricked out
of your bitcoin. Bitcoiners, beware of influencers!


