
Where does it all lead?

At some point in the midst of all the arguing, and attempted persuasion,
when I find myself intellectually exhausted, and emotionally barren, I
might ask myself, \"what\'s the point?\" Why do I spend at least five
hours every Sunday hosting a bitcoin meetup? Why do I argue with
strangers on the internet about the meanings of money or the purposes of
economics?

The bitcoin idea changes us. Its qualities reshape our conscience to a
multidimensional equilibrium many did not have prior. It shows us how to
accept the world for what it is, but to imagine how it might be and
commit to realizing that future. This mindset won\'t happen overnight.
It can take years. The personal evolution goes in stages and cycles,
both exuberant and despondent, but if we understand bitcoin with
sincerity and humility, ultimately it strengthens our resolve and
aspirations. We learn to think smarter, not harder. In my case, it led
to higher confidence in my actions, and a satisfaction with my efforts
despite their particular outcomes. Feeling unencumbered, if not ready,
for come what may.

Maybe you heard the saying, \"the journey is the destination.\" Bitcoin
is one such journey. It destins a realignment in values and clears the
fog of fiat-mindedness. It will teach you the true economic value of
your time, and its ultimate purpose. The purpose of your time, and the
goal of all your efforts, whether you realize it or not, is to be
happy\--is to live happily.

Of course this won\'t happen magically, nor inevitably, but perhaps
spontaneously. Bitcoin can\'t make you happy, but it can show you how
unhappy government money makes all of us, how the mandate of an
arbitrary legal tender tethers us to self-destructive, neurotic social
constructs which sap our soul while squandering the vast potentials of
the natural world. I can\'t tell you where it all leads. I know from my
interactions that we don\'t all go through same journey, nor reach the
same conclusions, but therein lies a beauty of bitcoin. When language
and culture and personal bias get in the way of interpersonal
communications, bitcoin provides an universal, objective language with
which to express our deepest values.


