me, cannot see into the future, but, unlike me, have risked their
livelihoods in the Charlatans Circus hoping for great fortune and
getting awful misadventure instead. My help they do not want, for though
I warn them of disaster, hazzard, peril in their future, if I cannot
likewise tell them specifically when, they feel it unimportant to react.
They have money to make in the meantime! Lately their luck ran thin.

I had the audacity recently to speculate that perhaps Crypto Winter
started. Despite my expectation for such a season to coincide with the
advent of Ethereum 2.0, but it seemed with the implosion of Tera Luna,
Celsius, and Three Arrows Capital, that I prognosticated incorrectly.
Then, recently, at brunch, a regular, though not a BTC bitociner, made
the statemenet multiple times that he believed Crypto Winter had ended!
Ended? It\'s been but a couple months. Seasons don\'t work that way!
Even in Miami. After a month and a half of winter it may seem as though
it ended, and something akin to a Summer-like-Spring emerges, but the
Winter didn\'t end. Like a ninja assassin biding their time, Winter
always hits us again. We don\'t get an uninterrupted season like one
might experience in climates more distant from the equator.

Therefore I say again, but this time in writing, this time in public,
that Crypto Winter did not end. Maybe it did not even begin yet. We will
recognize Crypto Winter when we see the streets of the metaverse strewn
with the frozen NFT corpses of retail investors; Ethereum-killers turn
off their blockchains unable to afford cloud servers despite the
vehement cries of DAO governance token holders; and former crypto
investors feel embarrasment in mentioning their altcoin failures in the
company of people who live and work in the real world for a living. When
it comes, crypto billionaires like Sam Bankman-Fraud cannot warm the
villagers until spring comes. No, he will use the villagers as fuel for
his own furnaces during Crypto Winter because it spares no one.

Bitcoiners live and breathe Crypto Winter, they expect it, like the
inevitable collapse of fiat currencies, and the empires relying on them.
Crypto puts the cart before the horse, the consumption before the
production. Avoiding the work\--consuming the production of others\--may
feel good because it elliminates personal toil, and accomodates instant
pleasure, but those pleasures eventually outpace what the system
produces. The Oligarchs of this Cryptoconomy, they will destroy the
producers before they take responsibility for collapse! Don\'t you see?
The retail investor IS the yield. You are the product! They will destroy
you to survive just a little bit longer, but once they\'ve ruined the
common person, what will protect them? What will protect them, if not
from winter, then from the zombies they leave in their wake?


