of bitcoin mining in China. With such reports seemingly part of a
periodic cycle, most people didn\'t take the situation seriously until
June when China banned bitcoin mining. Authorities disabled the
electrical power of bitcoin mining facilities. A massive exodus from
China began, with miners desperately searching for a new home for their
hardware. Commensurately, haspower of the bitcoin network dropped
tremendously.

English speaking Bitcoin maxis shaped a narrative this represented a
great feat for bitcoin. The ability for bitcoin to survive such an
attack proved its strength! Also, with the Chinese out of the market,
USAmericans had a chance to win more bitcoin for themselves.

While agreeing in principle with the resilience argument for bitcoin, I
interpreted the events in China differently. The ability of China to
stop bitcoin mining within its borders demonstrates a shortcoming of
centralized mining. Large, power hungry facilities make for easy targets
of attack.

I only see one solution to this issue: decentralizing mining. The
bitcoin network has more security when the majority of the hash rate
comes from many, untraceable sources. Achieving such a goal likely
requires shifting the incentives for mining. While large miners may only
participate due to the profitability of the venture, people like me have
a vested interest in securing the network for our own sake. Rather than
wanting to secure the network to gain more money, I want to secure the
network to protect the value and function of the money I have now.

This utopian goal requires both a change in the mindset of bitcoiners
and the establishment of better telecommunications infrastructure to
ensure the ability for miners to remain online and anonymous to ISPs and
any other nefarious third party. Ideally, bitcoiners could understand
the necessity for an open-sourced, mass mesh network which could
alleviate our dependence on ISPs altogether.

If enough people believe as I do that a decentralized money can empower
our communities against so many forms of financial codependence, then we
can also understand the importance of securing that network against
similar imbalances of social power. Therefore, I beckon who hear these
words to think on the great responsibilities we face in the future to
secure the network against malicious attacks and greedy, short-sighted
practices which could back-fire, resulting in unexpected weaknesses to
bitcoin.


