---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Cart before the horse, or price before utility.

Before Laszlo sent 10,000 bitcoins to someone for two pizzas, we have no
record of any bitcoin used in an economic exchange. As far as we know,
bitcoin only existed as testing bed for an experiment, but the occurence
some now celebrate as Bitcoin Pizza day, May 22, 2010 defines when it
transformed into a mechanism for the transfer of value. In the months
prior, the handful of developers working on and contributing to bitcoin
did so based on the hypothesis that it could work\--that they could
create a decentralized, immutable, permissionless digital money. Bitcoin
had no VCs, 1st, 2nd, 3rd round funding, nor institutional investors,
and despite the developers maintaining regular communications, they did
not form a company to run it. Since then, that has not changed. Bitcoin
has no founders, president or board of directors. It has no
headquarters, nor satellite offices bogged down in local regulations.
Right now only the borders of the internet bound the activity of
bitcoin, and perhaps one day it, too, shall overcome this limitation.

Let me not digress.

\"I just think it would be interesting if I could say that I paid for a
pizza in bitcoins.\"

Though small-scale niche exchanges exsted in 2010, I bring up Bitcoin
Pizza Day, a bit late, because I want to distingquish the evolution of
bitcoin from anything else. It didn\'t require committee approval, or
the signatures of five board members to launch. The developers didn\'t
run a marketing junket around the country or planet, and pre-sell
shares\--I mean tokens or coins\--bitcoin didn\'t presell coins to early
investors to fund development. The early developers built bitcoin for
passion and interest and curiosity. They did it to break ground and push
human kind to new heights of possibility through technology. They built
something not simply potentially profitable, but actually useful.

Cryptocurrency, at least the overwhelming majority anyway, fit in a more
modern-traditional origin of Venture Capital and institutional
partnerships. Their business model relies on a limited multi-level
marketing mechanism, where by successive rounds of investors financially
produce a product which they finally sell to consumers, either other
businesses or so-called *retail*. This distinction predestines their own
endings: if not from bankruptcy then mergers and acquisitions. Their
pipe-dream, pie-in-the-sky promises of changing the world, or at least
your world mean little in the face of their underlying, but overwhelming
greed. They will change your world, but probably for the worse. However
find that argument in a different essay.

For now, I contend that no company could address the money problem the
way an anarchistic crew of developers on a web forum did. They put
utility before price. They put the functionality of the product before
attempting to sell it. Some of them never sold it. Some of them never
will.
