never achieved ubiquity due to infrastructure costs. They instead
adopted smart phone wireless telephony contemporarily with the richest
and most technologically advanced countries. If it survives the current
administration, the Bitcoin legal tender law in El Salvador may propell
many Salvadorans to use the money of the future in ways that beckon the
rest of us to catch up.

I started thinking about this a while ago, of the potential economic
future of El Salvador as a result of business investments, however it
dawned on me while watching a Brazilian crypto podcast touring El
Salvador that those local people who put in the effort to adopt bitcoin
and adapt their life to it may build a world as yet undreamed. At first
I presumed all of the benefits coming from foreign private
investment\--what a typical colonial perspective!

The two hosts of the podcast, while walking around a shopping plaza,
come across Alvaro preparing to put a sticker in front of his \"GoFres
Belgium Waffles\" restaurant. The sticker states, \"Pay here with
Strike,\" a lightning capable wallet.

Alvaro states the first reason for accepting bitcoin as the recently
passed law mandating its acceptance, and then goes on to explain the
process, stating, \"what is the best method for accepting bitcoin? a bit
difficult because not everyone is accustomed to using bitcoin. I had
friends who used bitcoin for investments\...but not using bitcoin for
day-to-day.\"

This reminded me of our Salvadoran friend Juan who visited brunch a few
weeks ago. He moved back to El Salvador to promote another lightning
solution to onboard businesses to bitcoin. A month before him another
fellow had just come back from doing educational outreach there. At such
early, pioneering times, the efforts put in now shall ripple into the
future and reshape that country, and perhaps the world with it.

At this point bitcoin appeared from nowhere to most Salvadorans. They
have no context from which to draw conclusions on its utility or
potential in improving their livelihood. And just like with the fiat
moneys we use, most people may never gain enough context to use bitcoin
as a tool rather than only as a debt-fulfillment instrument. I lament
that, but remain overwhelmingly optomistic about those who will see
something deeper than an absurd law from a green politician. In figuring
out how to manage bitcoin and navigate the world economy, they will
unlock streams of value denied to all the oppressed peoples of the
world. They have at their fingertips a permissionless,
censorship-resistant value transfer mechanism. The world is their
oyster.


