
Honeymoon Phase and the Transition from Dreamer to Builder

*Excuse my taking liberties with sociology, psychology, and many manners
of academic pursuit in my own quest to explore and reveal some aspect of
my human condition through the context of money.*

I see in many people who develop an affinity for contemplating bitcoin
and the future of money a honeymoon phase in which they fantasize
compulsively about the utopian world soon to come with the hyperbitcoin.
Memes of infinity divided by 21 million reveal the ongoing life of this
aggressively optimistic mindset, and I readily admit memories of my own
wonderful daydreaming about the bitcoin economy just around the corner.
Imagine all the things you could do when bitcoin hits ten trillion
dollars? Change the world, end hunger, and poverty\--fix all the
injustice which pervades society and eats at the souls of civilization.
I wanted that, but eventually, as it narry came to pass, so too did my
enthusiasm for prognosticating the future. Between this sort of
disillusion, and the endless and overwhemling minutiae of bitcoin news
and popular discourse, I burned out. I tuned out and turned off my
connection and ongoing interest in bitcoin.

I don\'t write this to depress anyone, or even to presume this will
happen to many people who have developed their interest in bitcoin in
the last few years, but I expect it to happent to some people and
therefore I present this like so many other of my warnings that you
might avoid this dejected and unproductive stage after the honeymoon
phase. Do not, like me, wait for some friend to ask you out of the blue,
\"what do you think about bitcoin having gone to the moon?\" I mean that
for me \$20,000 is the moon. Though I expect bitcoin to go to Alpha
Centauri I find myself happy with the moon and contemplating bitcoin in
a new way. How can bitcoin go to the far reaches of the galaxy if I just
sit on the sidelines waiting for it to happen? Why should I reasonably
expect someone else to realize and fulfill bitcoin\'s potential unless I
help it happen?

Please heed my warning, then, budding bitcoiners, and transitioning
pre-coiners: don\'t let your expectations quash your hope for humanity
or the future of the economy. Instead of focusing so much of your
aspiration on how the world should look in the future, look within, and
ask yourself how you should look in the future. Who do you want to be in
this utopia? And when you\'ve decided, rather than succumbing to
pessimism or dismissal, you will take the path of transitioning from a
deamer to a builder.


