---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Fountain of All Abdunance

*I so many times exclaimed a disdain for money and what it does to
humanity. Money preoccupies our mind and commensurately consumes our
time. In its pursuit we ignore the humanity of others and restrict the
abundance of the world around us and within us.*

I do not as much find beauty in money representing the exchange of value
as that splendor of money representing human cooperation. Money provides
one means for us to cooperate with complete strangers, as when I walk
into a store for the first time and make a purchase despite never having
met the owner, or any of the employees before. At the same time as I
view this otherwise unlikely circumstance with fascination, I also see
absurdity, but rather than depressingly fixate on the strange aspects of
most economic exchange, let\'s focus on implications of the underlying
cooperation in economies. Or, in the spirit of bitcoin brunch, think
about how human cooperation to share and express values can free us from
the absurdity of most commercial experiences, in which our individuality
and uniqueness get anesthetized in subbordination to the homogeneuous
cultural experience.

I also find this awesome capacity for cooperation in families and
friendships. If so lucky, I spend time with people I care about without
preoccuppying myself with how much money it costs me in expenses or the
lost opportunity of working. If so blessed, I experience periods of time
with other humans which no amount of money could replace. Money cannot
buy your best life.

All value derives from our individual consciousness. Though we can
express and share value through money, we don\'t need money to
cooperate. We only require an understanding of value beyond
commodification.
