---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

As a child I do not remember what sense I had of inifinity, but in high
school Calculus I faced the inifinite many times. Likewise, I tackled
the idea of the infinitesimal, a quantity so small you can hardly tell
it from zero. Regarding the economy, infinity applies to the potential
quantity of dollars and infinitesimal to its potential value. Or as
banks and governments print money, they steal the value of the dollars
that already existed, and likewise the efforts and value sacrificed to
acquire the previously extant dollars\--robbed of us.

While recognizing this shortcoming of the fiat money system, I focus
today on an ancilliary devil of our fiat system. Growing up in the
Slick-Dick Bill Clinton-era of USA, I heard a lot about deficit spending
in the mainstream political discourse, but in more recent years I hear
mostly about the national debt. The annual budgetary deficit increases
the national debt. More than that, however, in the modern era
Congresscritters use the so-called national debt ceiling as a purported
defense against irresponsible spending, but more practically as a means
for them to ignore the needs of the nation, while simultaneously holding
it hostage on a regular basis. They get people dependent on pathetic
government handouts, then use those handouts to manipulate masses for
elections, to generate a semblance of legitimacy. Yet what legitimacy
can we really find in the national debt?

Before the pretense of populist democracy, governments transitioned from
commodity to FIAT money through debasement of their coins, but the
advent of paper allowed for a different, less laborious form of
autocounterfeit: fractional reserve. Rather than decreasing the total
quantity of a valued metal in a coin by adding dilutants, governments
and banks could now simply *account* for so much of a metal, while only
storing a fraction. Cash flow management. Eventually, managing the
cashflow overcame the need for any reserve whatsoever and paper ceased
convertability to metal, other than in purchase at some rate far removed
from what governments and banks once promised. The digitiazation of
money in financial ledgers decoupled it from any commodity basis. These
institutions, embodying greed above all qualities, eventually found a
way to curtail even the need to hold the paper currencies for which
their ledgers accounted. Cash flow management.

With the virtualization of money, those with the power to print it only
needed to manage their cash flow, the fumbling of which led to
regulations over minimum fractional reserves, but even those don\'t
matter as long as you sufficiently manage the flow of your cash. Given
these economic technologies we might in other circumstances call Modern
Monetary Theory, I have to wonder about why sovereign governments rely
on debt, rather than only money printing to fund their activities, but
rather quickly recall historical epochs of hyperinflation like in
Germany a century ago, Brazil during my childhood, and more recently,
Venezuela. For even when PhDs and Masters Degrees run the nation, and
have their way with the economy, they cannot abate their greeds and
corruption long enough to keep the scheme going.

I find it sad and absurd that modern governance still works so poorly
that it must constantly invent self-hacks to prevent from eating itself
alive. And yet, what can we say of this tainted money, poisoned by debt
wealth, other than that it does eats us alive. As the debt grows it
weighs down further on the value of our money and one day might eat our
food before we do. Bitcoiners, beware of tainted money.
