---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

*If we know most projects will fail, can we honestly believe most
people\'s sincereity in doing them in the first place?*

I asked my father, \"Where does the yield come from?\" in regards to the
200+% apr he would receive for staking his elephant dung coins for a
year. \"And do they pay you in their altcoin?\" I try to explain to him
the importance of proof of work to underpinning bitcoin\'s existence,
that proof of stake makes money from nothing, which can\'t work.
Regardless of how much he and the other 18,000 unfortunate fools believe
in the potential for the project, it\'s reliance on fundamentally flawed
business practices renders it truly impotent. Despite that, even the
most well intentioned project may fail due uncontrollable market forces.
Make no mistake about it, altcoins have the business of extracting money
from retail investors by manipulating the psychology of FOMO, Fear of
Missing Out.

In a bizarre kind of auto-afflicted indentured servitude, at the
Charlatan\'s Circus, the otherwise audience pay the ringleader
handsomely for themselves to laboriously stand in the rafters and put on
a continuous clown show for him. What mass hypnosis do these
crypto-cults use to imbue in their members such unabashed willingness to
dive head first into the fires of the crypto rekt, wherein they get
roasted alive, sometimes never to fully recover. We render ourselves
victims of financial calamity for the sake of our ego! How good does
your ego feel after you\'ve lost over 90% of the purchasing power you
put in? And do you have the gall to blame the crypto-cult leader,
instead of yourself for consenting to come what may, while failing to
understand some of the most important aspects of the ecosystems in which
you now attempt to dwell.

Ultimately I think it starts with personality cult leaders accustomed to
always winning, but never understanding how much their success required
the extraction of wealth from others. These maniacal, self-satisfied
wunderkinds think they do no wrong, can only blame others for their
failues. My dad looks back at me through the video chat and thinks I
have the ego problem. He demands to know what makes bitcoin different?
Does he really want to understand? I try so hard to explain, but he
prefers to spend hours aping into meme coins. I find it unfortunately
ironic.

Between my mother and father, despite growing up primarily with the
former, I obviously get my idealistic utopian projections from the
latter, who himself has waited much of his life for fundamental changes
in civilization. So what stops him from seeing the tidal wave of change
upon us now? How many more times must these games obliterate him before
he truly wants to see what I see. As always, despite my better judgment,
I hope the best for his yeal-long-congested Trunk tokens, but I fear by
the end of that year, if the token still exists, it may have a
purchasing power some small fraction of that it had when he invested in
it.
