
Delusions of Stability

*The instability of government printed moneys comes up as a common
reason people turn away from FIAT currencies and towards bitcoin. Put
another way, the axiomatixally guaranteed decline in the free market
valuation of government controlled money leads people to hedge their
bets against a potential currency collapse.*

I open today with the final stanza of the 1742 poem by Thomas Gray, Ode
on a Distant Prospect of Eaton College:

To each his suff\'rings: all are men,

Condemn\'d alike to groan,

The tender for another\'s pain;

Th\' unfeeling for his own.

Yet ah! why should they know their fate?

Since sorrow never comes too late,

And happiness too swiftly flies.

Thought would destroy their paradise.

No more; where ignorance is bliss,

\'Tis folly to be wise.

From this poem may originate the idiom I heard many times in my life,
\"ignorance is bliss.\" As I maintain a fascination with technology and
the historical development of sciencitific methodology, I consider this
saying, or the notion of this stanza, in a comparison between the modern
urban human and a homo sapiens counterpart from thousands of years ago.
Absent the quest for discerning the immutable laws of the universe,
humans successfully lived without notions of the universe,
classifications of matter, the axial rotation of the Earth in its orbit,
the empitness of space, electromagnetism, nuclear reactions, atomic
theory, &c.

Humans don\'t need these things to survive or enjoy our lives.
Therefore, should I justify their pursuit or purpose? Knowledge allows
us to escape confusion and fear of the unknown. Phenomena humans could
not explain encouraged irrational cultural responses, which often led to
violence and social manipulation.

As a final example before moving on to modernity, consider the existence
and changing nature of farming, a bedrock of all human society. Imagine
a time before humans realized they could cultivate plants, before they
understood the periodicity of growing seasons. What absurd rituals and
behaviors did they engage in to request of their higher powers the luck
of finding a richly grown forest, or an end to a drought? What
superstitious stories did they tell themselves about why things worked
the way they did? Maybe they didn\'t think much about it at all.

With the advent of cryptocurrency trends, from altcoins to ICOs to DeFi
to NFTs to DAOs to WEB3, I witness first hand the advent of modern
superstitions and rituals that serve little purpose other than to
justify through repition an explanation for why things work as they do.
I want to single out the delusion of the stablecoin.

As an approximate analogue to government currencies, products like USDC
and USDT serve as on and off ramps with cryptocoins in online exchanges.
As such, most cryptocoin swaps occur with a stablecoin on one end of the
exchange.

At first you may think of a stablecoin as a digital token backed by
dollars, and not long ago most marketing suggested as much, but upon
further consideration the tokenomics don\'t make sense. With USDT, for
instance, the story went that to create tether you would have to give
the Tether company at least \$200,000 and they would generate 200,000
USDT. Right off the bat we should note that tether is a product. And one
imagines the people working for the Tether company, who make this
product, need to feed themselves and pay rent. Therefore knowing nothing
about the organization, we safely assume they use some of the actual
dollars given to them for the purpose of paying their bills. This breaks
the peg, turning USDT into a fractionally reserved money. Over time,
they must use more and more of that money to pay more and more of their
bills, putting an indefinite strain on the amount of actual dollars they
possess to back up the value of the tether coin. Now consider the
revelation that they don\'t even bother to keep the dollars themselves!
They use the dollars to invest, to try to maintain the actual dollar
value backing of the digital USDT. In some unforseen economic change,
the actual dollar value of the investments they made could go to zero,
and tether would have no backing whatsoever.

None of this likely matters to people using this or other stablecoin, in
their minds and practice the stablecoin more or less has the value of a
dollar, given the supply/deman of the stablecoin itself. Ah! What a
great bait and switch. For participants in the market, a stablecoin
doesn\'t need proven money reserves, they simply need to **believe** the
stablecoin has the approximate value of a dollar.

Let\'s take that for granted, that the value of a stablecoin equals that
of a dollar. At this point I can finally rail against the very term
stable-coin. Fiat money is not stable! Itself having no constant or
predictable value in the market due to the inherent manipulations of
banks and governments. The ubiquity of them represnts a
bait-and-switch\--an attack on the future on cryptocoins, not a great
feat in their establishment. One step forward and two steps back. Buyer
beware! Where ignorance is bliss, \'tis folly to be wise.


