---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

After Crypto

*A brief and kurt suggestion to people who find themselves rekt by
recent circumstances in the crypto marketplace. *

The masses flocking to the wild west of crypto in each successive boom
cycle far surpass those of the previous, and likewise the fantastic
heights which they will fall in the eventual bust. Fixated on the
promise of inevitable riches derived from investing in cryptocurrencies,
too many fail to critically scrutinize the supposed utility from which
they expect to extract those riches. How long can they defy the laws of
physics? Have they gotten so high on the money generated by other people
as to forget gravity pulls them down when their rockets run out of fuel?

In most of the world, economics works as such: I go to a business, they
give me a good or service. In traditional investing, economics works at
a different level: I buy virtual assets, representing the value of the
future output of productive economic behavior, like restaurants, book
stores, and car dealerships. Essentially, businesses that provide goods
and services.

As internet met investing, investors found ways to invest in investing
itself, to the point where they made more profit, and therefore invested
more money, investing in investing itself, rather than the underlying
productive economic behaviors from which they based all those profits.

In my lifetime alone I\'ve seen several economic crises hit like tsunami
across industries, only for our big brother to come soak up all the
water like am omniprescent spunge, and spit it back into the ocean, with
the presumption such remedies won\'t cause tidal waves downstream. Will
Big Brother do the same for crypto? Unlikely. However, consider the
conundrum when those industries which can expect the protection of the
money printer, require it to bail them out of the black hole of a future
crypto winter?

Like corporations poisoning towns or villages because it saves them
money, don\'t doubt they can poison your finances and take world record
bonuses that same quarter. You could spend this time building something
for the future, for your family and community, but you just wanted the
number to go up faster than you could earn it yourself. How long can you
escape the reaper? Eventually you come to a toll you can\'t pay. When
that financial tidal wave hits, and all around you see only devastation
and ruin, finally asking yourself, what happens after crypto investing?
I say to you\...I dunno, maybe get a real job?
