---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

*Some time last year, after hearing for the Nth time the repitious story
of Richard Nixon ending the gold standard, something materialized in me,
begging for attention and consideration.*

With so many statistics used to correlate Nixon\'s action to various
chronic economic calamities we deal with today, what could I acomplish
in revising our notions of history in rejection of this counter-cultural
conventional wisdom on the gold standard in the USA? I hope that with a
renewed vision of the past, we might better prepare ourselves to notice
important social and economic patterns in the future.

A preoccupation with a purported end to the gold standard shows a
subconscious fixation with a certain notion of the funngibility of
currencies related to their underlying reserve commodities. In other
words, a gold backed currency implies that someone with the currency
could go somewhere, perhaps a bank, and turn it into gold. I must,
unfortunately, immediately reject this explanation because in 1971 Nixon
closed the gold exchange window to foreign governments, not to private
citizens. The earlier president, Franklin Roosevelt, closed the gold
exchange window to citizens decades prior in 1933 through an executive
order.

What actually changed in 1971? As the story goes, the French sent battle
ships to New York to demand the return of their gold. One presumes they
went to this dramatic extent because the USA had already long ago
stopped exchanging dollars for gold. In fact, the effective reason for
Nixon formally or officially closing the gold exchange window, involves
the reality of too many dollars existing for the available reserves, but
really the USA never had a fully backed gold reserve standard, it always
had a fractionally reserved commodity standard. Taking the notion
further, the value of the dollar could not come from its gold reserves
because the economy in general had no mechanism for the actual
quantities of reserves! The value of dollars, therefore, could not come
from the commodity, but emergently from the communities willing to use
it.

Breaking this connection in our mental models serves an important role
in recognizing fundamental faults in the dollar as a price discovery
mechanism, but also reveals aspects of fungibility often ignored in
criticisms of bitcoin.

As usual, I find a roundabout way to bring up my actual point.

All bitcoin transactions living on the public ledgers allows for the
creation of white and black lists. Therefore the ability the distinguish
one bitcoin from another, (in the form of UTXOs) allows recipients to
in-effect **reject** certain bitcoin, which we can call tainted, and
this renders bitcoin non-fungible. To this I argue modern convention of
fungibility depends on the willingness of the recipient to accept money,
not on the distinguishability of the currency itself. Consider that all
dollars have serial numbers, attributing them to some provenance. Have
you ever seen a movie where the law puts specific dollars in the vault
so they can later track them down?

Unlike bitcoin which keeps the responsibility for an economic exchange
between participants, the dollar inserts at least the third party of the
government, which enforces fungibility of dollars on participants. The
dollar has fungibility because we exist in a state of enslavement to it
and likewise those who control it. To the contrary, bitcoin has
fungibility to the extent that its users accept it! I want my economic
activity to reflect my ethics, not those of greedy super-villains who
see most of humanity as their pawns. The dollar will never reflect my
values, therefore I do not uphold its fungibility as a great feat of
human cooperation, but rather a monumental example of widespread social
control.
