---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Citadel in the Cracks

When Bitcoiners speak of citadels I reminisce on childhood fantasies of
a castle fortress. I considered the number of rooms, the size of the
gardens, and the depth of the moats, but never stopped to imagine why
people needed strongholds to begin with. Years later, with a better
understanding of their role in history in establishing or maintaining
geopolitical power, I wonder if bitcoiners too want citadels as a means
of projecting their power in this life and generating a legacy for
future generations, or instead, as it appears, if they want citadels to
hide from a world that displeases them, the way a child runs into the
closet, or hides under the bed to escape from the world.

Let me state unequivocally, you cannot escape this world unless you
build a new one.

Hodling your bitcoin like hoarding misers builds nothing. Caustically
virtue signaling to easily discern your people from the others does more
to put a target on your head than prepare you for a glorious future.
What should we anticipate of human civilization when we play gatekeepers
to that which we likewise consider one of the most powerful social tools
of our lives. How can bitcoin serve as a tool without a society in which
it can work?

What some call hyperbitcoinization, I consider a natural outcome of
adoption. Can hodling lead to hyperbitcoinization? With no seeming
intention to use bitcoin for any purpose purpose whatsoever, I wonder if
we don\'t put the cart before the horse in holding the hodling of
bitcoin as an ethos but not to the same extent as our responsibility for
the growth of bitcoin culture or economy.

Too many people comfortably sit around waiting for the dollars price of
bitcoin to go to the moon, but otherwise do nothing to advance its
adoption! What an archetypical chicken and egg scenario. If we don\'t
have mass adoption of bitcoin as money, what can price reflect other
than speculation. Do you hold bitcoin because you speculate on its
future price or because you know its value? If you know its value, what
do you do to have that value reflected in the world?

Kings built citadels because they understood the violence it took to
build their empires, and the violence required to destroy them, however
the citadel does not represent their empire, but only the edge of its
borders. Do the adult bitcoiners fantasizing of their own citadels have
empires to protect, or gigantic egos? If you have an empire, stop
dreaming and start building the citadel! With how much things change
these days I imagine many potential needs for such citadels in our
lifetimes.

In all other cases, consider building your empire, or perhaps, in
another light, defining and empowering your community, today, in spite
of your disgust and dissappointment with the world as you see i today.
Or as I like to put it, build your citadel in the cracks of our society.
