---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Darkest Dungeon

*A reflection on confusing the appearance of novelty with new social
phenomena, *

*therefore participating in the time old social phenoma of mass
delusion, or herd mentality.*

Years ago my housemate at the time played a musical track he produced on
his laptop. While I quite enjoyed it, after a short period of time I
noticed a striking similarity with a classical music song I heard many
times in my life. He could not believe me when I told him of his
unintended plagiarism. I saw in him a kind of innocence I rarely get to
see from other people. He did not do it on purpose. Somehow hidden in
his memories, his affinity for the song emerged in his consciousness
through what he believed a novel expression of his creativity.

Should it surprise me that the mind could trick one of the smartest
people I ever knew? What kind of trickery would go on if instead of just
one mind, we had to deal with two? Or even more?

Today I want not to convince you of the novelty of some projects, but
rather to give notice of the plagiarism of most others, which might
appear to an uninquisitive mind as unique expressions of technological
creativity.

I write this neither to impugn the creators nor the so-called retail
investors in these projects for their pursuit of profits, but always as
a warning of the potential dangers. I cannot satisfy myself in saying
\"oh well\" to the collapse of an effort around which so many people
stake their livelihood. Yes, stake their life savings sometimes! Or in
the case of professional investors, stake the life savings of others.

Every several years in modern USAmerican history some unreasonable
market exuberance precedes an irrational market crash. I witnessed at
least three so far in my lifetime, but read of many in history and
economics books. When the crashes come the TV news plays too many
heart-string pulling stories about families and average people
struggling, having lost everything they had because they trusted the
promises of other people, that everything would stay great indefinitely.

Too many of the working class lack the historical context to look around
the and see cycles at work. They trudge forward, carrying the weight of
their toil without complaint. When things go bad they can do nothing but
keep pushing forward for a pittance. To those of us who seek great
wealth\--what excuse have we to ignore the potential dangers lurking
where we think we see the shine of gold. Don\'t allow the colors to
confuse you.

When we sit complacently in the darkest dungeons of our minds, our
captors, delusion and greed, lead our bodies to proceed towards ideas
whose externalities and codependencies go critically unconsidered. Of so
many ideas brought to bitcoin brunch, I found novelty in few, and less
so did that novelty rely on blockchains or altcoins, other than as a
popular trend. Some of them sincerely believe in the potential for this
trend to bootstrap their business idea. Most of them are wrong.

What a pity, this trickery of the mind.
