severals times more civilians than those lost in the USA on September
11, 2001. In doing so, we broke thousands of families, destroyed dozens
of cities and villages, destabilized a region for a new generation,
exacerbating a wholy justified antipathy towards USAmerica. And yet,
despite their relative position of weakness, due to propaganda
disseminated by our politicians and advertizer-funded media, I lived in
a constant state of fear, worried of potential attacks to my own
community, and I mentally debated whether or not I could hold it against
these imaginary attackers that they hated me and wanted me dead.

With the recent Russian military attack in Ukraine, I wonder if some 14
year old in St. Petersburg watches their television as cynically and
confused as I did 21 years ago. Do they know their existence helps
finance this war?

With the attention of mainstream discourse focused, perhaps
indefinitely, on a conflict thousands of miles away, social media
commensurately swells with hot-takes and arm-chair analysis on every
minute aspect of the situation. Bitcoin twitter seems fixated on whether
or not a bitcoin economic standard could sustain the sort of warfare
witnessed for the last few generations. No longer able to engage in mass
conscription, pillaging, or enslavement, modern imperial warfare depends
on the ability of the empire to extract purchasing power from its
population through money creation, or money printing as you may more
commonly hear.

As I alluded three weaks ago, the moral and ethical rot of fiat\'s
tainted money comes from the population\'s willingness to use it in
organizing their economic lives and the government\'s capacity to
extract our economic productivy for its sundry purposes. As the most
destructive socioeconomic activity of all, warfare not only robs the
population financing it, but it also destroys tremendous amounts of
value and human life. Two wrongs do not make a right. Therefore, and for
the sake of brevity, I conclude this monologue by offering up the war
dollar as a reason I want to stop using fiat currencies.


