
Imagine my conundrum, feeling as though I should either warn prospective
participants in bitcoin brunch they may come across altoiners here or,
alternatively, demand in all public facing media only bitcoiners come to
this event. What adolescent angst, the urge for acceptance by some
greater bitcoiner community, and, perhaps commensurately, a preference
to avoid constantly arguing with everyone else caught in the gravity of
bitcoin culture.

I state here plainly, I started the endeavor of bitcoin brunch very
explicitly to meet bitcoiners after a hiatus. Seeing a crypto culture
growing in the midst of my own community, I sought to establish a space
in which to meet people more explicitly interested in bitcoin and
economics, rather than crypto and investing. In practice I get a little
of the former, but plenty of the latter, and not necessarily to my
disappointment, though certainly that of some people who come here in
hopes of some bastion or respite. As I say so often and to so many
people, \"life isn\'t fair.\" While I appreciate comfort and equanimity,
I have an ulterior motive in meeting bitcoiners. I long to prepare the
future, my own as much as any one elses, and see a capcity for such in
bitcoin.

In some utopian vision of tomorrow many of these same cryptocultists
finally relinquish the intellectual chains of dogma and confirmity for
the enlightening but vulnerable freedom of individual thought. I say to
you, bitcoiners, how better can we help these misguided souls expend
themselves of illogic and unreason than to provide here such a space for
their extirpation. I perceive that such a proposition comes in affront
to the better judgement, certainly comfort, of my initially intended
audience, rather than to turn away in anger and run with displeasure in
my own domain it seems my responsibility to boldly confront it and and
exorcise it herein. In another light, like Dracula, finding uninvinted
guests at his banquet, adds a few more courses to the meal.

Yes, I want bitcoiners around me to build a culture and economy worthy
of our pride and confidence. However you won\'t catch me lamenting the
absence of those too tired or too bitter to confront the scourge of
greed and manipulation with me. Aside from finding each other, the next
hardest task involves facing greed and manipulation and it does not wait
for you to confront it. Like any human, you may not always find me on my
mission, perhaps sometimes in remission for my own comfort. I worked all
week and didn\'t intend to spend my Sunday arguing, but I find myself,
so often, spending my Sunday arguing. If you find at some hour I don\'t
have my usual vigor, or persistence, you might remind me of the
opportunity, or take it up yourself for the sake of that tomorrow for
which we greatly long and hope to build. Those in their caverns and
caves like myself for several years, I hope you one day find the world
ready for your active participation. To all the rest, eager for the
hyperbitcoin, I say to you, bitcoiners, don\'t recoil. We have work to
do!


