---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Reaching Out Across a Great Chasm

People sometimes ask me, why bitcoin brunch? To answer that question I
wrote the first in this series of essays. \"*Bitcoin brunch attempts to
under-promise myself an aspiration of helping reshape this insane world
with the creative potential bitcoin unleashes; to do some bare minimum,
but consistently do it.*\" As a result of that effort I met dozens of
fascinating people from all over the world who share a passion for
creating our bitcoin future. Like me, they understand not only the
possibility but the importance of modern telecommunications to allow
masses to organize self-deterministically, free of the influence of
disingenuous administrators.

Every aspect of my existence depends on the interests of these middle
men! Could I survive without their profits underlying nearly every
economic transaction in which I engage? If you remember later, think on
your own daily spending habits. How many exchanges of value do you that
don\'t involve some nebulous corporation that knows nothing of your
existence other than as a source of their income?

So may find this circumstance, mass production, a great achievement of
modern capitalist engineering, but I see a soul crushing machine which
destroys culture, replacing it with low quality instant pleasure. I see
that machine every time I leave my residence. I even see that machine in
my home through my computer, cell phone, or watching a video
entertainment program. They want me as a complacent consumer. They want
my dollars.

Mass productions much less demonstrates a great wealth of USAmerican
society, than our great poverty of culture. What good does our money
when people literally fight to give it over to charlatans and vampires?
We live so aimlessly and without discernment that these corporations
actually convince us of our need to patronize them. Every day they
invent new products to solve problems we never had until they persuaded
us. Like the central planners in other arenas of life, they tend towards
self-aggrandizement through a widescale munchahussen by proxy, induced
upon thousands sometimes millions of people. What have they in common?
They use the dollar as a social weapon.

While big industry and the cryptoconomy entrench rent-seeking and
regulatory capture to the effect of imposed artifical scarcity, bitcoin
allows us to express our values in spite of those who would otherwise
dictate them. Last October, I wrote in the essay \*Money from
Nothing?\*, \"Consider the tragedy, then, of a society of people who
spend their lives choosing how to spend their time with a faulty
measuring stick.\"

The magic of bitcoin comes not from it having some objective, intrinsic
value, but as an objective means of humans expressing their subjective
valuations. Bitcoin comes as a marvelous opportunity for those who no
longer wish to accept the mediocrity of conformity as the litmus test
for their quality of life. We want our spending decisions to represent
our values and to enrich **our** communities, however you choose to
define it.

I don\'t consider Coca Cola, AMC, or McDonalds part of my community. I
consider those who took their time to spend it with us here as part of
my community. I consider our friends visiting EL Tunco in El Salvador
part of my community, and also those organizing the gathering in Old San
Juan. Through their efforts, we expand this conversation about
individual and community financial empowerment. However don\'t confuse
empowerment with enrichment. Though they can go hand in hand.

I don\'t expect bitcoin to enrich me. I find that a FIAT mentality. One
borne of the perversions of printing money. A mentality that infects not
just the minds of USAmericans, but people all over the world. who admire
and look towards this country for guidance and hope. Our get rich at all
costs and quickly if possible mentality enslaves us to the dollar and
makes us complicit in all of its horrors and tragedies. I expect bitcoin
to free me from associating with this wretched strain on reality which
affects my fellow humans in all parts of the globe. I expect bitcoin to
restore dignity to the exchange of values.

Yes, I want a great standard of living for the people of Puerto Rico, or
El Salvador, and for any human being, but I want it to come from
self-respect and the capacity for human cooperation. Without reshaping
our communities and the way we engage them, how can we ernich ourselves
other than through exploitation? How do we avoid using bitcoin as a
social weapon?

We must ensure that our new communities defy the borders of geography in
recognition of our shared human interests. Not just *US* here in Miami,
and *them* in other cities, but we all as human beings ready to break
the chains of oppression and cycles of exploitation together.

What a monumental and prescient conversation we must have now and into
the future! We don\'t need to build our future in comparison to the
standards of the old world. The time has come for us to dream again, but
in a way we never have before: as a consciously connected human species.
