
The Other Side of the Transaction

Due to circumstances well beyond the control of any particular
individual today, we denominate one side of every transaction in
dollars, creating a kind of economic ennui whereby people confuse the
price they pay for something with the value of that thing. If the
supermarket charges a dollar for a candy bar and I paid that dollar, we
could mistakenly think the candy bar worth a dollar, but to motivate us
to give up the dollar to begin with we actually must believe the candy
bar worth more than a dollar. We must believe that the satisfaction of
the soft, gooey sweet innards will, in fact, outweigh the inconvenience
of giving up this dollar. If we thought the candy bar worth specifically
and precisely a dollar, why give up the time to acquire it at all? Just
keep the dollar and you save your time. A moment saved is a moment
earned!

Thinking about it more generally, this idea applies to all human
actions. We do things because we expect better results for having done
them than not. Inversely, we decline certain activities when we do not
expect any improvement of our circumstances from their engagement. Think
of something you chose not to buy because it *cost too much*, but not
because you couldn\'t afford it. All human action, especially when
viewed in an economic context, comes from motivations of making the next
moment better than the last. With this understanding, all economic
exchanges reveal some underlying value of the individuals thus engaged,
that they expect better circumstances resulting from engaging in the
exchange than foregoing it.

What an enormously misguided task, then, to attempt to understand
economic behavior based soly on the price of prices of things at their
moment of exchange. Putting aside, for the sake of my argument, the
inability of such methodologies to accurately account for non-dollarized
economic activity, I do not trust any attempt to objectively aggregate
the value of economic activity because doing so loses all semblance of
why the activity exists to begin with. Statistics like the gross
domestic product purport divination of public importance, but even Adam
Smith knew such the invisible hand cares not about political apporval
and only fleetingly about public sentiment.

In conclusion, let me more precisely apply this train of thought to
categorizing the value of bitcoin with silly ideas like market
capitalization, daily trade volume, and resistance. Not all exchanges of
bitcoin occur within the confines of companies, not all exchanges of
bitcoin have a publicly recorded dollar price, and not all exchanges of
bitcoin involve the buy/selling of dollars. How can something like the
market cap model encompass the value of those exchanges done outside the
confines of the heavily regulated consumer market? It cannot. By my
reckoning, these exchanges hold the true value of bitcoin. I care little
for what happens with money changers, and I look skeptically on those
who preoccupy themselves with such activities, rather than the organic
development of the bitcoin economy. Your preoccupation with buying and
selling dollars betrays your true own values and feelings regarding
bitcoin as money of the future. I find so many claiming an interest in
bitcoin secretly want it not only to work like a ponzi scheme, but hope
they can get out just in time to screw everyone else.


