Prior to the onset of lockdowns I discovered an internet personality
named Andy Lee Graham who spent the previous 20 years traveling and
producing media about his world travels under the brand, Hobo Traveler.
As someone fascinated by cultures, and therefore the potential to
experience more of them, I devoured his wisdom because his methodologies
seemed attuned with my own personality. His lifestyle represented a
reality of some deep aspiration I had not fully articulated in years.
Wanderlust.

I also mention travel guide producer Rick Steves. The differences
between Rick Steves and Andy Lee Graham could fill a library, but they
both compell me to travel in their own way.

When I discovered Andy, I already established a routine of visiting my
cousins in Brazil in the summers when off from work as a substitute in
the Miami-Dade County public school system. He often said that 80% of
the world lived on less than \$20 a day, and that it cost him less to
travel all the time than live in the USA. To some extent, my experiences
in Brazil reinforced this contention.

Having made so little of my financial and professional life, the
pandemic provided me a profound opportunity to reassess my monetary
future. In my then 33 years, I saw many ways of living and enjoyed the
company and time of people representing those lifestyles. I knew I could
live on relatively little compared to most USAmericans, but I had not
established some means of providing for that. I had so many dreams in my
mind which failed to manifest through action into the physical world.

How could I travel cheaply without either first saving money, or on the
other hand having an ongoing way to make money while traveling? I would
start saving for the months prior to June, and then leave to Brazil as
soon as I could. Ambiguity regarding human civilization in the first few
months of 2020 resulted in my canceling my normal trip, however by
October an opportunity to meet a strange cousin from an out of touch
branch of my family served as a sufficient justification to travel. I
spent three months in Brazil, the longest amount of time I spent away
from home.

Parallel to this, and certainly supplementary to it, I read an article
in a local paper promoting marine technician training in the context of
the ongoing and worsening shortage of skilled labor in the USA. Some
light bulb lit up in my mind from the combination of the ocean and
cultivating personal manual skills. I could go back to customer service
type jobs at any time, but when would I have the energy and time later
in life to take on a new trade? Perhaps one that could fulfill a dream
of mine to sail the seas.

I weave this narrative to give some explanation or, maybe, justification
for why, over the last year, aside from bitcoin brunch, I participate in
little social activity. Before writing this I watched the first few
minutes of the Orange Pill Podcast episode Microdosing the Book of Max,
in which, Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert invited bitcoiners to come to El
Salvador and explore the frontiers of bitcoin. They compell me to
travel, but can I build my citadel in the cracks without first creating
a foundation on which to build it? In the last year I might have
attended a few conferences, plenty of crypto social events, or taken on
several interesting projects. Instead, I worked on my foundation.


