
Identity and Identification (Part 1)

*Bitcoin, for the first time since the advent of modern
telecommunications, allows people to define themselves.*

\
A most traumatizing aspect of social development in any modern human\'s
life involves the emergence of self-identity: how does a person think
about themselves as such. In an autobiography a writer spends time
explaining how they came to take on certain aspects of their identity.
Many interactions in our lives get filtered through how we identify
ourselves versus how others identify us. Identify and identification.

Name, address, sex, height, weight, eye color, hair color, race,
religion, nationality, ethnicity, languages spoken, income, membership
in an organization, &c.. You can imagine many other categories in which
we stuff humans for the purposes of identification and if it stopped
there I might not feel a need to write this, but history shows, time and
again, even today, in various parts of the world, maybe even at this
table, some people use identification as justification for malice,
prejudice, violence, and conquest.

A perversion of reptilian, instinctual sentiments, the discernment of in
and out groups aims to protect and sustain the in-group, but leads to
dehumanizing everyone else. In a reality of might makes right, using a
debased, subservient currency necessarily puts everyone dependent on
that money into a very big out-group. It gives the in-group the power to
control behaviors, and through behaviors, aspects of our very identity.
Some become so utterly preoccupied with fulfilling the paradigms of our
Big Brother-bestowed identity, that we fail to see the strings attached
to these ideals\--we fail to see ourselves as marionnettes. We fail to
see even our own plight, toiling in a perpetual stockholm syndrome,
worshipping the very chains which bind us to servitude.

I see bitcoin as a pick which unlocks those shackles, and grants you a
clarity of vision near impossible before. Critically considering the
implications of permissionless money exposes those invisible mechanisms
of control which divide us, allowing us for the first time in a long
time to consciously snip those strings and forge our own identity.
Define yourself.


