
Dear Crypto-Curious,

Goings on in the cryptoconomy and in the discussion at Bitcoin Brunch
have inspired from me various colorful descriptions and poignant
critiques of cryptocurrencies over the last few months. Those unfamiliar
with my everyday, jovial disposition might otherwise think me an angry
and cantankerous individual, bitter about the efforts and potential
successes of the retail investor class. Worst yet, someone may\--after
having heard or read some of my essays since March\--someone might
accuse me of disliking cryptocurrency in general! (*whisper to the side:
*And modern finance.)

Please, Crypto-Curious. Don\'t judge me so harshly after such a short
interaction. Let me show you that I, too, have a tender side. A
compassionate nature, with the bettermant of fellow humans at heart, and
perhaps a preoccupation with the patterns of mass behavior which bring
hard-working people to ruin. When I mentioned my father\'s DeFi folley,
know I didn\'t do so to humilitate him\...or embarrass myself. I lament
his losses because he worked so hard to acquire what he has. Likewise, I
charicatured crypto-investors as clowns not to shame them for their
speculative financial engagements, but to offer a wake up call, that the
ring-leaders\--the snake-oil-peddling crypto-cult influencers\--don\'t
care as much about fulfilling the promises they make to the communities
below them as achieving the same goal as you: to get rich without work.

Oh! I didn\'t mean it like that. I know all the research, and crazy
hours, and living married to your notifications feels like a lot of
work, but hear me out: work builds cities. It did so before the
invention of computers and internet. Work helped societies traverse
continents: beyond mountains, up rivers, across oceans! Our
anthropological legacy relies on consistent economically productive
work, from generation to generation.

In opposition to this, FIAT, the unwillingness of central planners to
subject themselves to the whims of free markets, results in perverted
incentives, where profits extracted from otherwise economically
inefficient activities, sustain the largess of self-serving oligarchs,
and their ant-armies of business-suit bureaucrats. Hear me,
Crypto-Curious: in cryptonomics we recreate the greatest heights of
government insanity without the least bits of public oversight or
transparency. Like digital fiefdoms, the cult-leaders have FIAT powers
in their domains. Before you trap yourself due to their promises of
future wealth, ask yourself and do so seriously: from where comes the
yield?

Unless you find a highly profitable business at the end of that
cryptorainbow, know the yield comes from you and whoever comes in after
you. Do what you want, I will not stop you, but don\'t say I didn\'t
warn you. Know, my dear Crypto-Curious, that my vitriol and venom intend
not to prevent you from getting rich, but prepapre or protect you from
getting rekt.

Sincerely,

Prem Lee Barbosa


