---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22000
---

Crypto Freak Show

*Continuing from the narrative started in Charlatans Circus.*

After spending enough time in the main tent, one eventually tires of
playing the clown, and decides to wander around. All about you, proud
and confident, the crypto freakshow occupies the majority of the
Charlatan\'s Circus, but you don\'t actually get to see the freaks. So
wealthy from the investments by clowns, the freaks now hide away with
ocean views in their Malibu mansions or private jets. They reserve in
person private high net worth clowns and large public speaking
engagements.

You? As just a lowly retail clown, you don\'t have much chance of ever
meeting your favorite freaks in person. The moderately paid marketing
shills representing them here at the circus wears slick branded clothing
and tellsyou about a livestream with the head of the Bearded-Lady defi
platform later that day, at which they expect an exciting announcement
of new yield products.

Further down you can see acolytes of the Tiny Lady regaling passers by
with stories of their patron freak, who haunts big tech hubs all over
the world. The banner above the booth reads, \"Tiny Tokens for Tiny
Ladies, stake now for 15% APY.\" When you inquire with a well groomed
deciple regarding the source of the yield, they explain all the money
comes from wealthy wall street types who received private penthouse
financial domination sessions, available only to Tiny Ladies NFT holders
for the brand new, low low price of getting rekt.

\"Why take 15 when you can have much more?\" shouts a young boy standing
at a booth in the distance behind you. As you approach you notice the
booth covered in smoke, but can see the sign, \"Mentalist\" above.
Arriving to the boy you find a short old man with a high pitched yell,
puffing up a storm on a stout cigar. \"What treasures hide in your
future? Trust your saving with the Mentalist and he shall give you your
fortune!\"

Intrigued, you pull out what little savings you have left. The short old
man walks to the end of the booth and points behind it with his cigar.
You see a small walk towards a tiny tent with a door at the front and a
coin slot next to the door. As you drop your savings in the slot you
hear the door unlatch. You push it open and enter the little room, at
the back of which you see a video screen and an adjacent handle.
Pointing towards the handle, taped to the back of the tent, a sign
reads, \"pull here.\" You pull. The screen turns on and displays a
quickly flashing series of images of the Mentalist, finally settling on
one in which he looks serious and menacing. A piece of paper prints from
a mechanism behind the tent, and comes out of a slot beneath the screen.
It reads, \"I see hard times in your future, silly clown. Now run along,
and when you have more money, remember you\'re always welcome at the
Charlatan\'s Circus!\"
