
Money Printer Go Brrrr

Bitcoiners picked up the idiom, \"gradually, then suddenly\" suggesting
bitcoin adoption will come about in a sort of punctuated equilibrium
catalyzed in overwhelming spurts of sentimental exuberance. Long before
global bitcoin adoption, prepapre for the terrors of central bank
digital currencies, which aim to replace the existing financial
infrastructure with a dystopian digital panopticon with real-time total
situational awareness of the entire legal economy. In fact,
participation in this new CBDC will define the legal economy, and
everything else will exist as black and gray markets on the fringes of
society, like an ever-growing, ever-looming horde silently preparing to
cross the plains and pillage the empire. Rather than a far off enemy,
however, today I want to warn you that the CBDCs are coming!

For those ignorant to the pitfalls of this new monetary project, let me
clarify. Central Bank Digital Currency proposes inserting a central bank
into all financial transactions and ultimately allowing it to approve,
or disapprove of the transactions based on bureaucratically, and
automatically enforced criteria. Through this relationship with all
legal accounts, this central bank can directly airdrop entitlements and
corporate wellfare to receipients without their needing to do a thing.
In the next financial crisis, desperate recipients will stare at C-Span
with baited breathe waiting for the president to sign some stimulus
bill, which would immediately send every citizen of the country an
immediate deposit of USA cash directly to their digital wallet. Curbing
economic strife will serve as the excuse for the implementation of such
a project, and the population will find themselves trapped by the
inevitable resulting price inflation because the offramps to freedom
will have been cut-off and deemed subversive. Through its financial
omniscience, governments will automatically account and dedubt taxes,
ensuring people using it can only perform legal economic exchange. Of
course, for providing this fundamental service the government simply
wants a small cut of *every single transaction*.

While this might strike some as pessimistic, take a look at the bright
side of things. Most people will no longer have to file annual income
taxes, now automatically calculated and settled moment by moment. Tip
and gig workers will no longer have to account for every transaction
because the govenrment will do it for them! Tax fraud, or evasion, and
many other financial crimes will disappear from the retail markets.
Bribery, extortion, money laundering, drugs and prostitution. All gone.
This will surely bring about an economic golden age. Right? Wrong.
Don\'t forget those pesky black and gray markets I mentioned
earlier\--as the money printer goes brrr, bitcoin, like a fungus, will
grow to fill the gaps left by regulatory ennui.


