
Not the Slightest Idea

\"We need to get more money into it\" via the Rise and Rise of Bitcoin
Documentary, 2014

Assuming a certain importance of decoupling to hyperbitcoinization, the
idea of a *need* for more dollars in bitcoin seems aenathema to the kind
of adoption I hope for in my fantasties. I think of bitcoin *as* money.
Bitcoin has no need for other money in it. Above and beyond any other
consideration, more human beings accepting and using bitcoin in
exchanges for goods and services represents a practical pinnacle in
adoption, but not simply accepting for the purposes of selling to a
third party to acquire FIAT moneys. While acknowledging the seeming
necessity of that step in the transition from the current system to the
reemergence of hard money, I say it is a distracting process, hampered
by all the noise coming with buy low sell high.

\"More money into it\" means the cantillionaires sitting mouths agape at
the foot of the money printer have privileged access to what bitcoin
remains in the fiat exchange markets. They use this bitcoin to
perpetuate greed and monopoly. They virtualize this money as paper
bitcoin to get money from nothing, and therefore it becomes FIAT
bitcoin. Make no mistakes about it, FIAT money is an impediment to
bitcoin acoption in that it will reinvent the fraud of contemporary
monetary theory in the guise of freedom and choice. Like so many today
who can\'t choose the currency they use on a daily basis, paper bitoin
shooting from printers like water from a geyser will fill the pockets of
self-satisfied oligarchs patting themselves on the back for doing such a
great job at robbing their people of economic utility.

Bitcoin doesn\'t need more money into it, but I want more people into
it\--into real bitcoin, and recognizing the importance of understanding
the economic system in which one lives. And I want more people to demand
honesty and dignity in their economic exchanges, choosing to overcome
the dehumanization of FIAT money, rather than wallowing in being its
victim. Bitcoin doesn\'t need more money into it, it needs more of you
into it, and less of you into the distractions, and noise of systems
controlled by malevolent puppeteers. Embrace the opportunity to guide
your own destiny, cut the strings that hold you back from
self-determination.


