
With so much talk recently of inflation and interest rates, I wanted to
bring up an atypical topic for the sake of planting seeds more than
because I have much of note to say on the subject. Having only a basic
understaning of macroeconomic phenomena, I don\'t claim a better a
vantage from which to predict economic calamity than academics or
talking heads on the television, but I know of at least one trailing
indicator for something like the onset of a great depression: price
controls. Couched in concerns for the public good, government will begin
printing the price tags on goods and services in attempt to resist the
sway of free market forces. In some situations they want to prevent
prices from going too high, and in other cases they don\'t want the
price to go too low.

The USA government instituted many price control mechanisms throughout
the great depression of the 30s and 40s, some of them continuing to this
day in legislative abominations like the USA Farm Bill, which attempts
to both ensure that farmers get get a minimum price for their crops and
that consumers don\'t pay too much for those crops. If you are what you
eat, what has the agriculture-industrial complex made us? What qualities
and values do they put in what our population eats? Can we continue to
consciously ignore the link between FIAT money and the deteriorating
health of the citizenry? Cheap money leads to cheap food, and a sick
country.

Woe to those who continue blindly following a system needing price
controls to maintain stability in the economy. Eventually perverse
insentives will cause inescapable adversity and all those dependent on
that system will suffer. They will watch their civilizations crumble in
synchronicity with the deterioration of their mortal flash. Rather than
succumb to the greatest depression with them, I warn you now, and invite
you to build the off-ramp to the next world, away from that insanity.
The Bitcoin ethos can tune us into the relationship between food and
health, physical and mental. Armed with such an appreciation we will
instinctively seek out better food to build stronger bodies, ready to
carry us through the tough times that surely lie ahead.


