
With the inevitable redrawing of national borders, territories once
taken for granted as part of an old empire\'s sphere will fall away,
independence movements once thought quelled will re-emerge, and some
places once considred back-waters will transform into advanced
economies. Imperial over-extension provides diminishing marginal
national security, and grows further incapable of enforcing laws and
maintaining order. The resurgent reliance of many countries on mercenary
armies to project power will inevitably backfire as FIAT currencies go
bankrupt and a new class of oligarch emerges with wealth far exceeding
that of nation states dependent on the perpetual power of the printing
press. One day the new oligarchs will literally buy the private armies
we currently fund through contemporary socialism, and with these armies
they will shuffle the decks of international power hierarchy. The armies
to win World War III will be those paid in bitcoin, not dollars.

These oligarch-patrons will purchase the license to reshape the
invisible lines, carving out kingdoms\--citadels if you will\--shaped
after their own ideals of utopia, kept in check, if at all, only by the
will of other bitcoin kings. They will come in all manner, good and bad,
smart and stupid, greedy and selfless, and they are not afraid to spend
bitcoin to move mountains. However, aside from the bounds of their
kingdom, they don\'t have the power of FIAT, and they won\'t have the
power of FIAT the way certain countries do now. To maintain their
status, therefore, their kingdom must either exist in a fantastic state
of autarchy or they have to get along with their neighbors and provide
value to their neighbors, lest they quickly run out of money maintaining
their domain.

Like Nayib Bukele today, in El Salvador, some of these kings will create
incentives to court productive people to their borders, while others,
like the rulers of North Korea, will put up barbed wires and walls to
prevent productive people from leaving! Perhaps this is all to say that
Bitcoin doesn\'t change some thing, but it\'s going to change so many
things, including the locations of the invisible lines between nations.


