
Individuality or Monoculture

Despite the confidence budding bitcoiners feel, beware the line between
individuality and collectivism is tenuous, and its obfuscation can lead
to self-destruction. We long to connect with other humans over shared
interests, but greedy agents leverage those interests to manipulate and
mislead us. These actors cannot not easily manipulate millions or
billions of unique, opinionated, autonomous individuals. Individuality
serves as a great road block to collectivization, and attempting to
persuade masses of individuals will not work.

More effectively they found over time that grooming, curation, and
education, can funnel a diverse population into a monoculture, which
walks lock-step without the masters needing to crack a whip, or beat a
drum. The metronome lives rent-free in the minds of captured
populations. As any such force overtakes a population with it eventually
comes about the inevitable persecution of free-thinkers. Bitcoiners
should understand ostracization, or being rejected from a culture. While
attacked from many different points of view, the new bitcoiner may
question themselves, and whether they have reasonable sentiments or not.
A seasoned bitcoiner more easily navigates the doom and gloom, already
having conducted many levels of analysis and self-reflection for
previous battles. And more battles will come.

With the presidential election season now stretched to much longer than
a year, extending itself even ***after*** the election ends, I
anticipate many risky circumstances which could tear the bitcoin
community apart. War, social justice, and the federal budget are at
least three of the topics around which the ties that bind us will divide
us and turn us against each other. The disempowerment of our communities
will empower the further propagation of war, injustice, and monetary
ruin because our weakness is their strength. Our poverty is their
wealth.

Therefore, if critical thinking can give us strength, tread cautiously
on the line between individuality and monoculture. Bitcoin is not a
religion. It is a vision, and we can all be prophets of the next world
if we build the next world. let me close with words I said here over a
year ago. \"Appreciate those you see as thought leaders in a space, but
consume them ever critically, lest their faults or short-comings become
your own. Worst of all, should they falter from the path of sincerity
and honesty, if you don\'t maintain your equanimity in the face of their
persuasion, you may get tricked out of your bitcoin. Bitcoiners, beware
of influencers!\"


