---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

The Hyperbitcoin Under the Mattress

Wicked Smart Bitcoin (w_s_bitcoin) published to Twitter at 7:24pm
Eastern Time October 15, 2022:

*Someone who just started DCA\'ing \$1,000 per month into #bitcoin will
probably never reach a whole coin.*

At first I do the math. At around nineteen, twenty thousand dollars per
bitcoin it would take someone 20 months. Therefore I assume the tweet
implies that the price of bitcoin should skyrocket at some point in the
meantime, rendering the mythical whole-coiner status unatainable
anymore, lost forever because unlike Michael Saylor our hypothetical
month to monther didn\'t second mortgage their home, or max out their
credit cards to buy as much bitcoin as they possibly could. At some
point I wonder what the whole coin even matters. If on the 18th month
the dollar price of bitcoin skyrockets 10x, who imagines our 95%er
fixating on that lost 5% rather than the spontaneously manifested ten
fold increase of their purchasing power?

The amount of time and energy contemporary bitcoiners spend in
considering the past, present, and future price of bitcoins betrays an
inherent preoccupattion with that same thing. They want as much of it it
as they can possibly get, and why? So their great grand-children can buy
real estate on Mars while the true plebians die of ambiant emphysema on
mother earth. Yet looking into the cultural sphere for those catalytic
projects able to spark hyperbitcoin adoption I see valiant, but
insufficient efforts.

Most bitcoin companies aim to take a slice of an extant pie, rather than
working to grow the size of the pie. For that I remain bearish on most
bitcoin businesses and feel confidently we will not hyperbitcoinze as
long as we primarily build services for privileged people living in the
developed world. The hyperbitcoin will come from the developing world
unleashing its own productive potential upon the world economy. Breaking
the chains of the old world economy, the global south will not only
capture the great value of their domestic natural resources, but also
the vast utility of solving their own problems for the first time in a
long time. Will you just sit around and watch, with your hyperbitcoin
under the mattress?
