---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Bitcoin Century

Much of the state of economics today for people across the planet
resulted from the protections and monopolizations of resources and
spaces by organized criminal gangs. In the developmental equivalent of
first come first served, those able to take power for themselves
subjugated almost everyone else, to the whims of themselves, their
family and friends. The family and friends methodology of running a
civilization conitnues to this day, as statisticians note regular
increases in the gap of wealth between the richest in society and the
poorest. Borne from a history of scarcity, the FIAT mindset of the
ruling class knows little rhyme or reason because power and wealth
become ends to themselves, and not a means to dignity, peace, and
prosperity.

If this way of life had no negative affect I would be happy to ignore
the circumstance and get on with my life, but this concerns me because
this power of the few comes very literally at the expense of the many.
Not only have these titans achieved their positions through widespread
theft and monopolization, but they do so by drinking at the spigot of
the FIAT money printer, which means they bleed us all. The contemporary
wizards of modern finance manifest the currency in such a manner that
they can trick most people into thinking it has no effect, but it
degrades and devalues a society, rewarding perversions and
self-destruction. What hope can such a society have in the face of a
system which rewards merit and ingenuity?

Therefore I propose we find ourselves in a new epoch of socioeconomic
development, one with the potential to quickly overtake the new world
and propel us into the next world, the Bitcoin Century.
