
Bitcoin Embassy - Another, Different Kind of Think Tank

*A distributed world-infrastructure development project based around
bitcoin education and adoption.*

(As happens often with these essays, I force myself to finish this today
because reality otherwise kills my timing. Had I written and published
this on January second, when I had the idea, I might have been
prescient, whereas now I\'m simply an early commentor on an extant
effort. I aim to make my comment worthwhile.)

\"Why would I want to be a second class citizen in any other country
rather than being like a first class citizen in my own country?\" Said
Fode Diop on either Saifedean Ammous\' or Jimmy Song\'s podcast. Though
he talked about the realities of being an African developer in an
internaltional marketplace, the sentence rocked me so fundamentally I
had to repeat it several times to properly document the quote. The son
of an immigrant mother, I first-hand witnessed the experiences of second
class citizens. She comes from a generations who benefited greatly from
largesse available to those living within the borders of the USA, but
her own livelihood and comfort came as a result of great effort and
persistence. She worked most of her adult life in the United States, and
has now transitioned into a humble fixed-income retiremen, also
transitioning from benefiting from living in the USA to financially
suffering from living in the USA as inflation wreaks havoc on the very
notion of so-called fixed-income. You see, the fix is in. From now on my
mom will no longer get richer from living here, she will get poorer.
That is, of course, unless I replace her in the rat-race, and find earn
enough money to make both myself and her richer. I hope, therefore, you
understand how tremendously Fode\'s sentence moved me, because I have
gone to Brazil and experienced living as a first class citizen there. It
makes so much sense to me now, in 2023, why someone earning a reasonable
international income would eschew living in an over-developed nation
like the USA and actually I want to encourage exactly this. Not just for
privileged technicians, I also want my mother to spend the rest of her
life living as a first class citizen. I want for all hard-working,
clever people to enjoy the highest standards of living regardless of
where they live on the planet and bitcoin can help.

The Bitcoin Embassy should exist more as a goal-oriented effort than as
a physical structure in a particular place. It calls upon skilled,
motivated individuals to dedicate themselves to building bitcoin
community. It means educating about bitcoin, advocating for the rights
of people to use bitcoin, and experimenting with how bitcoin can bring
more value to the communities in question. The Bitcoin Embassy should
embody the dream of the hyperbitcoin, by daring humanity to start
dreaming again. Everything we ever accomplished to solve our problems as
communities came from the capacity of our forebears to dream of new
possibilities. Modernity eradicates so much of the human will to dream
as our masses become drones to social engineering. Smart phones make
humans dumb, and fiat money makes humans slaves. The Bitcoin Embassy
takes a messages of liberation to the people in their homes, teaching
how bitcoin connects them to the world economy regardless of the world
georgraphy. Bitoin will reshape the world economy, but we must spread
the message to those who need it most, which will take time, and
sacrifice. Are you up for the challenge? Will you join the effort to
bring better money to the masses of humans on the planet so that we can
unleash the great human potential trapped in our minds, trapped by the
bad ideas, just past the comfort zone. The world no longer needs
charity, humans needs the freedom to save themselves from the main thing
which keeping them down, their own way of thinking.

Research, advocacy, education

Build embassy, fill with \"fellows\", educate locals for free, hire
locals to provide services for the embassy, eventually the educated
locals will become fellows and mebers of the embassy which finally
establishes the self-sustaining cycle.


