---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

*The physical and economic differences between a fiat and bullion
counterfeit. Printing paper dollars has a completely different effect
than minting new coins, regardless of who does it.*

They say Archimedes shouted \"eureka\" in the bathtub as the epiphany of
buoyancy came upon him as a means to test the purity of a gold crown
made for the king of Syracuse. While the crown looked splendid,
something irked the king, and he tasked Archimedes with discerning
whether or not the smith adulterated the gold in the crown. The ancient
scientist realized that pure gold would displace a different amount of
water in a container than gold mixed with other metals, and thereby
could test the purity of the king\'s crown.

Something recently had me thinking on the subject of what makes money
fake or real. In ancient times the question concerned itself with the
verification of quantities of a certain metal in a coin or ingot. A bar
of gold might get mixed with other metals to decrease the amount of gold
a buyer actually needed to pay bills and debts. However, what do we say
about someone with an unlicensned mint creating their own coins, but
with the same amount of bullion as the official coins? Do we call this a
fake or a counterfeit? What if the unlicensed mint didn\'t know the
government debased the currency, putting more gold or silver in their
coins than the supposedly real ones? Do we, in our position of
omniscience, see the counterfeit coins as better than the sanctioned
coins? Perhaps the whole train of thought gives too much credence to how
authorities define money, but not enough to the role money plays as an
emergent economic technology. Today the money they force us to use has
no semblance to money as a free market exchange of value. Do we call
this fake or counterfeit? No, unfortunately we cannot, but what a sad
state when overlords subject populations to money fake by design,
counterfeit by its very nature.

I write these words because so many only look at bitcoin through the
filter of an investment. Number go up. You will get rich! But I see
bitcoin as so much more than this, while being fundamentally simpler
than our current financial system. Bitcoin adoption will oppose this
entire methodology. Imagine, then, a world in which we no longer have to
worry about fake or counterfeit money. Bitcoin fixes this!
