---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

From the New World to the Next World

*How Bitcoin will carry humanity from the way things have been to the
way things will be in regards to society, economics, and governance.*

In development of opinions on the ethics of human conduct, I found
myself, throughout life, conflicted by the desire to judge history
through my biases, while simultaneously understanding the tendency of
people to act within the norms of their times and cultures. The latter
wisdom I gain from observing the world around me, today. Despite the
rare instance of occasional noveltly, and within that niche of a smaller
group of society reshaping phenomena, most people act within the norms
of their times and culture. When in Rome do as the Romans, but when in
revolutionary France you might want to keep a low profile and not speak
up on behalf of the property rights of the landed gentry. In the same
vain, let me draw a parallel between the discovery and exploitation of
the New World, with an oncoming epoch of discovery and exploitation of
the planet and its surrounding space.

As improved ships and navigation brought humans from the Old World to
the New World and technology gave Europeans the power to master that New
World, so too will bitcoin propel humanity to the Next World, one as yet
unimagined by the powers that be. Just as the empires begun in the New
World eventually overtook the ancient regimes, the Bitcoin empires will
outshine those of today, diminishing their importance in the story of
tomorrow.

These empires of today think they\'ve monopolized everything of value in
the world, but in attempting to monopolize control they lose out on the
greater value of promoting freedom. Not modern freedom delivered by
bombs called, \"Democracy,\" but the freedom of a critical thinker
stepping up to solve the problems of their families and communities,
rather than remaining victims of disinterested third parties. They will
conquer the oceans, the mountains, and the solar system. They will set a
new stadard of morality and behavior, some of which many of us would
look on with revulsion, but unless we\'re the ones doing the conquering,
we have no choice but to go along with the victors. Therefore choose
your path, either remain a defendant of the ever-cumbling contemporary
New World, or join the adventures on a quest for the Next World!
