---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Spend and Replace

I recently came across a video of a bitcoiner couple proselytizing hodl,
spend and replace. They said, *\"we cannot repeat it enough, bitcoin is
ready for every day use. if you want your investment to payoff we need
to incentiv\[ize\] the network effect by spending our bitcoin as much as
we can and replace them back right after. This can be done easily now
with low fee and no kyc. Hodling to death means ending up like gollum
with the ring and slowing down hyperbitcoinization.\"*

A lot about this argument resonates with me, especially a part of me
that dreams of bitcoin as a medium of exchange which frees the
developing world from the oppression of internationally weak
inflationary currencies. Like anyone in the global south, my Brazilian
cousins suffer more from their domestic Real than I do from the Dollar,
but without a doubt we both suffer from the FIAT monetary systems, where
our governments and banks abuse the power to manifest money towards
satisfaction of the contrived interests of the day. With every cycle we
find ever-new means to solve same problems, while bitcoin adoption
represents a liberation of any individual willing to open their minds to
and participate in a new way of doing economics, and it concerns me how
this majority of the world population will ever acquire any bitcoin if
the global north hordes it all. As they say in the video, *\"hodling,
spend, and replace must be the new bitcoiners mantra.*\"

If we believe in any kind of adoption beyond the confines of people
buying bitcoin in exchange for national legal tenders, \"*hodling, spend
and replace must be the new bitcoiners mantra.*\" But does it work? What
good is it when most merchants immediately sell their bitcoin for fiat?
Must we put retailers through purity tests in discerning whether they
deserve our bitcoin patronage? Perhaps. Maybe merchants who would have
us part with some of our bitcoin should hold themselves to a higher
standard if they expect us to give them any attention at all. That\'s
certainly the future I want, one of higher standards and expectations.
Whichever standards you set for when and how you spend bitcoin, take
seriously the role that commercial activity plays in the adoption of
bitcoin as money of the future.
