
My Heroes Need Bitcoin

*About all the people I admire, but found through youtube and have
watched get ostracized by the algorithm and TOS.*

I use YouTube as the primary source for most of the video media I
regularly consume. I subscribe to over 200 channels, nearly all of them
independent media productions unassociated with a large corporation;
passionate people producing content about my interests and hobbies. Some
of them rely on audience donations, while others shuffle from one
advertiser to another, in attempt to subsidize the time and effort it
takes to script, film, and produce video media. Unfortunately, the
success of their fundraising depends heavily on the extent to which
YouTube promotes their content. One can imagine downsides of this
situation, and I have watched many content creators struggle to find a
methodology that allows them to both sustain themselves and stay true to
their passion to their passion.

What if, for all those years, my favorite video creators asked for
bitcoin instead of donations through gate-keeping middle-men? What if
they had built the bitcoin consciousness with their audience? What would
that have built today? And could it resist the dictates of YouTube,
PayPal and Patreon? We have more to say than ever, and the capacity to
say it to more people than ever, and yet we find ourselves utterly
dependent upon censors and ideological enforcers. Bitcoin solves this.

My heroes need bitcoin, and they needed it years ago. Had we built
ecosystems around this permissionless, censorship-resistant money, what
platforms for communication would exist today empowering the silenced
majorities in spite of the powers that be and their constantly changing
set of popular moral standards? Instead of watching their reach dwindle
and their voice get ever more quiet, we would have a thriving community
of free knowledge exchange, a rennaissance of creative representation,
an embodiment of the freedom of speech. My heroes need bitcoin.


