
Taxes aren\'t Theft, the Dollar is Slaver

I can still remember the summer afternoon in 2004, arriving from Miami
to attend Mises University in Auburn Alabama, as I walked towards the
dorm room hall way from the lobby, I heard, in the lobby, at the couch
several feet away from me, scholar Daniel J D\'Amico, talking to some
also recently arrive neophyte. It was the first time I heard a phrase I
would hear so many times in the years thereafter, \"taxation is theft!\"
While, to this day, I still agree with the feeling behind the argument I
don\'t feel nearly the same kind of fervor on the matter as I did at the
end of my week at the Mises Institute. You see I know I am a slave, and
therefore I am free to be happy.

As discussed and I have brought up many times at our gatherings, more
than the oceans or space, it is the minds of human beings that tyrants
and dictators long to conquer. The final frontier in the quest for
ultimate civilization is the destruction of individual will\--that
tenacious and audacious vestige of creation always keeps control of
society just beyond their capacity, like trying trap water with a
tightly wrapped paper towel. Some think technology brings us closer to
total control than ever before, and I do worry about a push towards
monoculture, but I also experience first hand that free use of
technology leads to the multiplication and surprisingly fast mutation of
culture. To influence the culture, would-be puppeteers rely on
monopolizing the technologies which underlie the culture and provide the
infrastructure for both its delivery and consumption.

Money is one such culture. In monopolizing money through the
establishment of mandatory legal tender, governments propose a reality
in which one half of every financial transaction is the exchange of
their currency. This fiat renders all who use it to the status of
company workers, and all merchants become company stores. Suddenly the
borders of nations look more like the fences of prisons and I wonder on
the question, is taxation theft? Almost twenty years later I say
confidently, no. Just as a collar around the neck of pet has the name of
its master written on a tag, dollar bills CLEARLY say the name of their
master on the front and the back. Make no mistakes about it, the United
States of America cannot steal what clearly belongs to it and so you
must ask yourself, and answer honestly, maybe for the first time, is the
dollar collar around your neck?


