---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Tainted Money: Fuel for the War Machine

With the world rapidly racing toward callamity, no matter your opinions
on the players of WWIII, I hope you can at least recognize the pivotal
role FIAT plays in modern warfare. On a sound money standard the USA and
other nations would less readily redistribute obscene quantities of the
wealth of their people in the form of weapons and other resources to
fuel the war machine. Spitting in the face of the broken window
phallacy, winning at any cost represents winning at the cost of lives.
Our lives, their lives. The very thing over which we decided to fight
over in the first place.

The armies to will win WWIII will be those paid in bitcoin because these
wars will shake modern reality and unseat unsettling economic truths too
many privileged people have comfortably ignored to their own benefit.
Fiat money is the people trapped in an economic system they cannot
escape. The war department uses that money and power to victimize
civilians far away from us, trapped in wars they cannot escape.

I refuse to accept that we, free human beings, born on this glorious
earth, are trapped and cannot escape war. For me, bitcoin is peace
money. It focuses and promotes resilient, sustainable aspects of our
natures, allowing for a seemingly impossible epoch of productive
cooperation\--the kind of golden age mythologized in ancient religions,
but it can only come after the wars. I see that potential in bitcoin
adoption and can\'t imagine so willingly spending it away in violence,
but FIAT money? Our collective economic productivity? They print it
away. And then they blow it up to further their twisted dreams for our
future. Once the rubble settles they extract more of our value to
rebuild the very civilizations th ey just finished destroying. Pity.
Pity upon humanity that does this to itself. Over and over and over
again. Justified. Self-righteous. Holy even! Pity. How many more human
beings must we sacrifice to satisfy the war machine?
