
*No one should consider this a particularly contrived attack, but rather
a quick reaction to reading something too early to make good arguments,
but too late to stop myself from trying.*

In the adversarially titled \"Buying versus Donating\", developer
fiatjaf makes the argument that love of a donation based business model
\"is very misguided\" and later concludes, \"donations are much more
complicated than purchases, and that repeating the *value for value*
mantra doesn\'t help at all.\" Finally, he suggests \"bitcoiners should
give more attention to other models, in which people produce goods and
services and sell them\...that model can be applied successfully to
*content creators*\...probably better than the donation model." The
reason he argues this is that, \"the idea that the listener is capable
of measuring the value it gets from the podcast\...is completely wrong
and nonsensical." To him it seems that if the open sharing model depends
on recipients of content deciding for themselves how much to *pay for
the product* most content producers won\'t make any money. As a
passionate advocate for use of the value for value model I find myself
pondering the points fiatjaf makes. While agreeing with most of their
premises, I do not take all of them for granted, and therefore reach
alternative conclusions.

I want not to mischaracterize the position fiatjaf takes, so I found
another post called "Donations on the internet" and they state rather
unequivocally, "donations are broken\...because\...no one knows how much
they should be donating and to whom, and it would be impossible to even
think about the perfect donation strategy, much more impossible to
execute it." I sympathize with our subject because I, too, feel the
emotional burden of not knowing how much, nor to whom I should donate my
money, and lack the perfect strategy by which to do so. Given these
unideal circumstances it seems rather remarkable that so many valuable
free creative digital works exist and proliferate the internet. Graffiti
artists work by darkness of night, creating works nearly guaranteed to
have short lives. Many talented people all over the world upload videos,
write blog posts, craft memes without an expectation of compensation.
Think of this spectrum, at one end the passion project pioneers and
weekend warriors create because they love and want to channel deep
energies; at the other end talented entrepreneurs maintain media empires
handling countless financial transactions at any moment in time. These
can all exist at the same time, but some of the businesses at the latter
end of the spectrum rely heavily on government protected monopolies,
such as the mainstream music and movie cartels. CGI infested scifi
action blockbusters populating the theaters throughout the year are not
the height of human civilization.

The next culture won\'t look the way we expect of our media today. Our
entertainment landscape is an abomination wrought by decades of FIAT.
The governent divvies up the channels of communication to greedy telecom
oligarchies, who herd us like sheep with digital subscriptions into
monocultures wherein we are easy to control. Value4value is not a
business model, but an ethos parallel with bitcoin as the best currency
for exchanging value in the digital landscape. Hyperbitcoinization
increases the cost of artificial monopolies and induced scarcity to the
point where many media empires will crumble under the weight of their
gluttony. In their wake can emerge the next cultures, better responsive
to the needs and interests of a diverse, global population. Local,
niche, deep, authentic cultures. Traditional cultures. The cultures of
free people.


