---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Until Bitcoin Day Every Day

This year I attended a traveling, mini Bitcoin conference in Naples,
Florida called Bitcoin Day, where I represented Bitcoin Brunch in a side
room of the conference where, as I do here, I sat and talked to whoever
came around about whatever they wanted to talk about. Much more than to
sit and watch presentations, I attend bitcoin conferences for the
opportunity to meet more bitcoiners and though I regularly meet new
bitcoiners when they visit Bitcoin Brunch in Miami on Sundays, I openly
desire a world where I\'m always surrounded by bitcoiners. Eventually,
as more governments follow the example of El Salvador and mandate
bitcoin as legal tender in their jurisdictions, many people become
bitcoiners by fiat, a circumstance I regularly rail against. I want
people to fulfill their desires with maximum possible freedom, not to
force bitcoin upon them simply because I think it better money.
Therefore, I pounce when the chance arises to meet new voluntary
bitcoiners. We few have responsibility to carry forth this world into a
new era, but fewer still feel the imperative to venture forth towards
that aim.

In that respect I cannot promise that I wont eventually burn out, and
yet again, as once before, tune out from the bitcoin world, burned out
from trying to keep up with too many developments that didn\'t
hyperbitcoinize the world. And they won\'t. They can\'t. The
hyperbitcoin emerges from a confluence of socioeconomic activity. It
requires a critical mass\--not in a single space, but certainly partly
distributed in physical space, and partly distributed in the digital
worlds of telecommunications. In the physical world we orbit around
citadels, like Austin, Nashville, and Miami, planting the flags of our
Bitcoin landmarks, but at these landmarks we must develop community
interdependence and thereafter circular economies ready for bitcoin
tourists to parachute in from anywhere in the world and pick up their
life without skipping a beat. Until Bitcoin day every day, Bitcoin
should be an exclusive, members only club in which the only requirement
for participation is having and being ready to spend bitcoin. We need
diverse markets fulfilling the needs and desires of bitcoiners, at the
level of quality and service expected by bitcoiners.

When we all demand and provide the quality of life bitcoin reveals to us
as possible, how can we not experience hyperbitcoinization? We will
produce so much value and inject tremendous profit into the world as yet
unseen because the value of bitcoin comes not from the dollars or other
fiat currencies expended to acquire it, but directly as a result of
value of the community of bitcoiners. Today we are scattered and
disorganized. We depened on the fiat economy and entertain each other in
our free time. How long will we satisfy ourselves with this double life,
or are we already tired of it? I tire more every day, and within me
swells the urge to break free of the old system. I hope you will come
with me, and that we will one day tell the story of the hyperbitcoin.
