
Invisible Lines

Not long ago the USA had a bit of a national security crisis when
several Chinese balloons breached USA territory, at least one traversing
several states before a jet launched a missile to destroy it. Elsewhere,
on the border between the USA and Mexico, thousands of people enter
Texas every day seeking a better life than found in their country of
origin. I bring these things up to exemplify the tenuousness of borders.
We fight wars over them, but when we don\'t enforce them, they easily
disappear, sometimes as if they didn\'t exist at all.

I don\'t seek to debate the legitimacy of any particular borders, but to
highlight that some borders, particularly that of nations, exist because
of and are maintained by violence. We cannot enforce violence at all
places all the time. You build a wall they build a tunnel; you build a
ditch they build an airplane. This reality has frustrated civilizations
for time immemorial, and we have expended great resources in attempt to
secure borders.

Therefore, what is the value of a property with immutable border? A
fortress surrounded by a wall of energy impenetrable by any force
controlled by man. Where else would people want to store their most
valuable possessions for safe keeping but in the world\'s safest vault?
You won\'t find this vault in Fort Knox, nor the basement of the New
York Federal Reserve Bank. Anyone in the world can use this vault to
store their value, without getting permission from governments or
oligarchs. Bandits can\'t break into while you\'re on vacation and take
what\'s inside, nor can a greedy tax collector force you to hand any of
it over if you don\'t consent.

Despite existing for over ten years, we find this vault much maligned by
the mainstream media and orthodox economists. but year after year the
ever growing network defies the naysayers, and the security grows. As
this experiment continues we will put a larger and larger numbers of our
assets in this vault, and for the first time in history the average
person can take advantage of indestructable safety to protect their
wealth for generations to come, freeing themselves and their families
from the perpetual cycles of debt and poverty.


