
*How would wars work under a bitcoin standard?*

Many bitcoiners seem predisposed to the assumption that a bitcoin
standard would either eliminate war or greatly hinder its frequency and
severity, and I must pause to ponder the notion. There is some part of
me that thinks a bitcoin standard makes war more expensive, but this
forgets that wars are always paid for with plunder. The inflationary
technology of FIAT money replaces violent expropriation of resources
with more tolerable fraud and deception. Once the local lord would send
armed thugs to collect taxes, whereas now the occasional IRS horror
story on the mainstream news is enough to keep most people in line.
However taxes are not enough to cover the expenses of running an empire,
which is why central planners treasure the ability to print the money at
will. Therefore under a bitcoin standard, robbed of the capacity to
inflate away the apparent cost of war, the organized crime families we
call governments come to rely heavily on plunder to satisfy their debts.

In our exuberant cries of *everything divided by twenty one million* we
may lose sight of this everything actually being a lot. In the
denominator position of that simple monetary equation exists all the
limited material resources over which humans have fought so many wars.
Gold, silver, diamonds, clean water, rights of way, arable land. Above
twenty one million live many things. Many things worth bitcoin and it
will be as true under the hyperbitcoin as today and in the past that
something worth money that you can acquire without working, is a
profitable thing to have indeed! These economic reailties apply as much
to individues as to societies, which is why many entrepreneurial
governments throughout history have relied heavily on war as an
important tool of their foreign policy, the idea being that some people
expending some resources now, could lead to great returns at the end of
a successful campaign.

With the waning influence of most governments in the geography of future
humans, I expect less war between nations, as such, and more between
private, capitalist interests, and the vestiges of local political
monopolies in weak and unstable regions of the world. The potential to
reshape the world to fit some randian fantasy of global economic
productivity will take to a new level Elon Musk\'s 2019 comment
regarding Bolivia, \"We will coup whoever we want! Deal with it.\" As
hyperbitcoinization emerges from the swamp of mixed market centrally
planned kleptostates, the Bitcoin Kings will, too, coup whoever they
want.


