---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Violence as a Necessary Antecedent to FIAT

*Herein I respond to notions of the FIAT money as the ultimate evil of
government, and consider the potential for bitcoin to serve as a
solution.*

Having studied some Austrian School of Economics in 2004, before the
public existence of Bitcoin, I appreciate the bitcoiner preoccuppation
with FIAT money, but let me clarify a few fine points on the
relationship between government and people, so we might all better
consider the role another ingredient plays in the power authorities have
over civilians.

The word fiat comes from latin, and translates roughly to \"let it be
done.\" Some may know the famous latin phrase from the bible, fiat lux.
Let there be light. In such a context, the power of the government to
command something be done, represents a great perversion of our notion
of the divine power of god to literally manifest the universe by
command. Let me not fixate on the historical justifications for the
authority of government, and return to my topic at hand.

Though, in this space, we typically use the word fiat to refer to
government moneys, the word much more reasonably represents government
commands, and the idea that government can command human beings to do
things. However, as assume humans posess free will, and governments
cannot manifest universes by mere speech, we will not accept that it
gets the power of fiat from fiat itself. Something preceded the power of
government to issue commands, and I want to conclude this monologue by
delineating it clearly.

Before having the power to command, governments demand power through
violence.
