---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

What\'s it even worth?

One day when I was a kid my mother brought home a Frank Sinatra greatest
hits CD. I devoured that album, and played the songs I liked hundreds of
times. In my youthful naivette I assumed that Sinatra had written all
those songs himself about himself. I would years later come to
understand a concept of musical standards, cultural works that many
artists interpreted and performed. Therefore, before the advent of
record players and radios most people only knew songs they had heard
from somewhere else. Cultural standards were most, if not all, of the
songs people knew and passed on to their friends, family, and the
occasional random acquaintance. Sharing songs were a way to pass the
time. Song-writers had little choice but to either freely share their
melodic memes, or keep quiet. Any true artist knows they cannot keep
quiet without the passion and energy boiling over inside, driving them
mad. Artists create because they must, and some share because it gives
them pleasure to pleasure others. In relation to cultural standards,
there are composers who produce works of art, but there are also
performers, who bring that work to the masses. Who could sing the pub
songs and bar chants that filled many a jolly night for centuries on end
if they had required licenses from the writers to perform? How many a
bard or troubadour would have ruined their livelihood if when asked to
play some well-known song, they had to politely decline because they
didn\'t have permission to perform it!

Something creators defending the intellectual property system don\'t
seem to understand, but which underlies the great absurdity of our
contemporary situation, is that good art is worth so tremendously much
more than they could ever physically extract from humanity in the form
of remuneration that they are robbing the world of joy and pleasure and
euphoria for the sake of their personal, pathetic, profiteering by
demanding their work live behind a toll. Or in a gated prison as
circumstances dictate. These miserly beings and the infrastructure
parastically living around them are the true pirates! Precisely due to
modern telecommunications they could fill the world with priceless value
having a reach impossible anytime before in recorded human history.
Instead, we dare to let a preoccupation with rent-seeking get in the way
of a utopic reality. It\'s right there, at our fingertips and we don\'t
even have to wait for permission! With virtual private networks,
bittorrent, and other permissionless, decentralized technologies, we can
already break free of the media cartels\' shackles, but I have little
concern for the future of monoculture entertainment. The great pity of
this circumstance is not in the illegality of sharing copyrighted data
over the internet, but that we take this system of rent-seeking on the
internet for granted as legitimate or justified.

We worship synthetic celebrities, who look alike, sound alike, and live
in contrived worlds far removed from our own. The advent of mass
monoculture that coincided with telecommunications has robbed us not
only of our individuality, but also of the legacy cultures which
sustained our ancestors for generations. What is your individuality
worth? What is the culture of your ancestors worth?
