---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Woes of Waiting for the Hyperbitcoin

As my regulars know, I melodramatically chastise the first person to
bring up price at Bitcoin Brunch. As a freedom and liberation
technology, the day-to-day price of bitcoin means little to me, but I
very well understand the emotionally compelling urge to think about
bitcoin in terms of dollars. When first coming to my own realizations on
the potential importance of bitcoin as an economic technology to bring
humanity into future forms of socialization, As such, it made sense that
the dollar price of bitcoin should outweigh the capacity for dollars to
buy bitcoin because in a free market worse money has a smaller total
market value than better money. For everything that bitcoin can do which
government money cannot, it should therefore have at least the value of
government PLUS the value of those extra qualities. (For example
permissionlessness and pseudonymity.) In my enthusiasm I failed to
consider important corrolaries, like the fact we don\'t have free
markets. It made little sense to me that my friends and family didn\'t
understand what bitcoin meant, nor that they all refused to get any at
all. Why did I fail so tremendously to explain it them?

I didn\'t care about bitcoin because I thought it would make me rich,
though I definitely thought it would make me rich. Like any Ameircan
growing up on mainstream television, I thought about getting rich since
I was a child. In fact, I thought about money a lot since I was a kid.
How much did I have, how much didn\'t I have, how much did other people
have, like my friends\' families. Government and corporations have
pathologized the money and rendered us neurotic in its persuit. I longed
for the liberty bitcoin promised, and the boundless new utility it would
provide to human societies. I still long for that, but at some point I
became disillusioned, or dejected and tuned out. I wrote about this
previously, but I bring it up again because I see that preoccupation
with price, and worry about eventual bitcoiner burnout.

When we preoccupy ourselves preeminently with the dollar price of
bitcoin, we lose sight of the responsibility to build the better world
bitcoin promises. This limits creativity and narrows our vision to
homonculi of the status quo in which rather than being free, we become
barons and counts ruling over the hordes who didn\'t listen in time. We
become slaves to our own self-rightousness, but ideas don\'t build
empires\--actions do. We won\'t become much of anything by just waiting
around for it all to happen *to* us. We have to **build** it for
ourselves!

p.s. As an afterthought, consider an interaction I had with a
cryptocurious recently. He decried the stupidity of Laszlo for spending
10,000 bitcoin for two pizzas. I explained, as I normally do, that had
he not done so, bitcoin may never have reached the dollars prices it
did. For people so concerned with the dollar price of bitcoin, does that
make Laszlo stupid or a hero? This person had never considered that.
Like a spoiled-time traveler, they took bitcoins current dollar price,
in January of 2023, for granted. As if bitcoin were always destined go
above a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand dollars. None of that was
inevitable. It took action. It took people USING bitcoin, to give it the
current economic value. \"We stand on the shoulders of giants.\"
