---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

In our group chatroom, a newcomer to Bitcoin Brunch wrote, \"True
capitalism needs free markets. Today free markets are in danger.\"
Having lamented since the summer of 2004 the realization that free
markets were kept from us by our big brother, usually in the name of
protecting us from our own behavior, those words rang untrue. Thinking
back on my understanding of recorded history, free markets were kept
from most people, just like rights and the most basic of dignity, by
oligarchs and warlords, often in the name of some greater good or order,
but to the effect of greater profits and power. The masters of every
epoch and culture confuse the masses with never-ending debate as to
which way of running an all-powerful state are the best, but their
actions unfurl the same fractal pattern in every jurisdiction: oligarchs
and warlords; profits and power.

Who is a capitalist? I\'m not sure, but who here is willing to claim
ownership over something they never saw or touched? Would you buy it
from someone who themself never saw or touched? It\'s starting to sound
more and more like crypto. Like investing in investing itself. Too many
people want money from nothing. Fiat mentality syndrome. They long to be
the next Dick Fart or Scam Bankmans-Greed.

If the market is free then participants can necessarily do with their
property as they like. Capitalists have the tendency to want to decide
for OTHER people what to do with their property. That is the history of
oligarchs for all of human history. We were born into a world full of
resources. More than we can possibly exploit. Every single piece of land
on the face of this planet is claimed by and the fact that some own all
of it and everyone else doesn\'t is a result of oppression. People
claiming things and places that they\'d never touched or seen. By fiat.
By violence.

I advocate free markets because I believe all humans should have
self-determination. I think all humans all over the planet are alive
today because of their capacity for success and survival, not despite
their incapacity, stupidity, or ineconomy. Cooperation and free trade
create prosperity which necessarily enriches a community. But FREE trade
causes creative destruction, which is an unpleasant process for
victimized firms. Therefore, it has always been the tendency of
unscrupulous actors to capture the actions of regulatory bodies to
protect their profits. This pattern of behavior has existed as long as
humans have organized themselves in hierarchies of violence that we now
call government.
