
Part of the Revolution

Just yesterday I heard on the Podcasting 2.0 podcast, Adam Curry, aka
the Podfather, a pioneer and founder of podcasting, read a short note
from someone who downloaded the Fountain app so she could send that note
along with a lightning payment to demonstrate her support for the show.
It didn\'t strike me so powerfully while listening to it because as a
listener of Adam Curry for several years, I heard him read many notes
from people who changed their behaviors to show signs of support for his
work.

With the invention of podcasting after the creation of the ipod, Apple
had an opportunity to cultivate an open environment of creative output
and consumption. They mostly neglected podcasting, however with the
advent of Spotify, chose to similarly wall its garden, and entrench
monopolistic behaviors into a medium primarily underpinned by podcasters
making their shows available for free. Itunes serves as nothing more
than window dressing.

For over two years now Adam Curry and Dave Jones created Podcasting 2.0
to document the contemporary revolution in broadcast media catalyzed by
a new world-changing, phenomena, bitcoin. Since creating their
value4value standard, several podcast apps implemented the ability for
people to send bitcoin directly to podcasts via the lightning network,
making possible more than eight million microtransactions to date and
one of those transactions came from someone who never used bitcoin
before, but knew sending bitcoin to the podcast would mean something
more than the momentarily equivalent amount of dollars ever could. She
wanted to be part of the revolution.


