---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Infinite transactions per second, zero fees, and free airdrops to NFT
holders! It\'s not web3, friends, it\'s the world of the dollar! Guised
in ubiquity and convenience, the dollar financial system is neither
simple, nor transparent and requires tremendous infrastructure to
sustain itself. Private banks, IMF, credit monitoring orgnizations,
Congress, the Federal Reserve Bank, NATO, etc., but so often at brunch
someone brings up the fact that bitcoin can\'t do something the dollar
can do, as if it were an example of something inherent in dollars. In
most cases these are actually properties of the industrial monetary
infrastructure which rests upon the idea of the dollar, and not
functions of the dollar itself. This system disguises monetary slavery
with consumptive convenience.

Therefore I don\'t consider it necessary or appropriate to want or
expect bitcoin to do everything we think the dollar does. Bitcoin is
great for what it isn\'t! It isn\'t a ball and chain limiting
humanity\'s organic evolution. It isn\'t a parasitic vampire stealing
the collective wealth of society to enrich an elite few. It isn\'t a
mandate, robbing the economy of self-determination. Bitcoin isn\'t a
FIAT. You don\'t have to participate because unlike the currencies of
government, bitcoin is voluntary. We call it permissionless because as
long as you\'re willing to pay the fees your transactions will be
processed. Regardless of your race, ethnicity, or demographics. No need
to check your credit score, or pay in six interest free installments.
Bitcoin is none of these things and god forbid should it ever try
because the curse of FIAT money is not that some have to work for it,
and others come by it easy, but that unlike any other phenomena found in
the universe, it follows no laws of nature, only those of men and these
men are short-sighted and greedy.

Throughout history moneys arose from the simplicity they bring to
economics, and the efficiencies realized by eliminating redundant
processes and transactions. As a currency entrenches itself in an
economy, derivative layers inevitably develop to increase the
functionality of the currency and this will happen many times in
Bitcoin\'s future. Regardless of any utility we perceive from the system
as it is, we should restrict our analysis of better money to the base
layer only because we can make the money do anything we want in other
layers. Cash has some very important features that bitcoin lacks, mainly
the ease with which we can exchange it, but aside from that it suffers
from the inherent pitfalls of FIAT money and these men are short-sighted
and greedy.
