---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

The USA dollar is a mandated legal tender against which we are meant to
compare our subjective values, but as a price discovery mechanism FIAT
currencies are a faulty measuring stick, used first as a spade to dig
graves, and afterwards fashioned by our overlords as a cudgel to prepare
us for those same graves. The volatility of bitcoin\'s price results
from the insanity of proposing the dollar as an objective measure of
value. What makes bitcoin magical is simply how mundane and sane it is.
There is no black box into which society\'s problems enter and
grandiose, collectivist sollutions emerge, imposed upon the populace as
if heaven sent, demanding constant tribute of our personal wealth.
Bitcoin on the other hand, doesn\'t demand, but beckons you, of your own
volition, and in cooperation with like-minded individuals, to discover a
more accurate answer to the deeply personal and contentious question
over what your time and effort are worth.

Empowered with this new understanding many look back with disgust over
the lives they led when they compared their values to dollars. Religion,
tradition, and gratitude will all play second fiddle to the greedy
priorities of a fiat mindset. What a relief that bitcoin demonstrates
another way. At the heights of dollar price swings I take comfort in one
bitcoin equaling one bitcoin. More than a digital monetary network,
bitcoin symbolizes the continued human striving towards freedom and
peaceful prosperity. Bitcoin\'s existence evidences that out there, on
the other side of the network, live thousands of humans who, like I do,
know that reshaping society to better suite our worldview only happens
through collective effort, but voluntarily. In constrast to the coerced
collectivism of states the bitcoin path is virtuous and dignified in how
it brings value to ourselves and our communities. It expects of us that
we not only dream of a better tomorrow, but ensure its existence through
work.

The bigger your plans are, the more friends you need and it\'s easier to
make friends with free trade than relying on manipulation and theft.
More of your friends will join your efforts if you recognize that each
of them has the same capacity for value as you, but will never have the
same values as you. Even with a shared affinity for Bitcoin, we here
hold a variety of diverse and incompatible ideals, but in our shared
affinity find a set of rules through which we can still harmonize. This
is a fine line. Those common rules can empower us or enslave us. In the
7th century AD the constitution of Medina was instituted in Mohammed\'s
former capital to quell civil unrest among different ethnic and
religious groups. The document gave each group equal rights under the
laws, and served as the basis for peaceful coexistence in the city. With
increasing severity it seems modern laws do more to promote civil unrest
and social schism than civility. Now that you know about bitcoin, the
fork in the road lies always ahead of you: will you go down the path
leading to herd insanity, or are you ready to consider a journey to
social harmony? The possibility is there, you only need to want it.
