
Discoverability - Is it broken?

Checking my podcast player, aptly named Podcast Addict, I can see I\'ve
subscrived to 102 podcasts. Of those, 40 have unlistened episodes
available for my entertainment\--meaning I either finished or caught up
with the other 62. Therefore when the Podfather, Adam Curry, or any
other podcasters, bring up a problem of discoverability, I find myself
at a loss of understanding as I obviously have no trouble discovering
podcasts. Usually I just search for topics of interest and browse what
pops up, but it seems that most people aren\'t as adventurous as me.
People are most likely to start consuming a show if it\'s popular with
their friends, but the mainstream media herds us into a self-destructive
monocultures with the end result being that more and more people consume
less and less content, despite more content actually existing today than
ever.

We lose something special with the subsumptions of regional cultures and
sub-cultures into mainstream media. For too long the independent
creative could rarely compete against the resources of large media
corporations, but the quality of amateur creations grows leaps and
bounds as technologies previously unaffordable to most become
ubiquitous. There are more mind-blowingly talented artists alive right
now than ever before, and more than anything we need only be willing to
find them. It\'s not so different than bitcoin, an option avialable now
to so many, but ignored due to convenience or anchronistic mental
models.

Bitcoin will allow independent artists to thrive, regardless of what
goes on with legacy media. Taking full advantage of the infrastructure
available today on the internet, culture will grow faster than the
capacity for our Big Brother to extinguish it with cheap copies on
monopolized systems of distrubition. Discovery isn\'t broken, what\'s
broken is taste! People need to discover what they really like despite
the noise of malevolent outside influences. With unending access to
overwhelming amounts of culture, how can a free thinking human being
satisfy themselves with liking the same things as the next person? It\'s
a miracle if we can all like the same money, but I think it might be a
tragedy if we all like the same music and movies and art. Our unique,
subjective tastes are part of what brings value to human experience, and
is precisely why society needs the economic technology of sound money.
Unlike the brainwashing mechanisms of the FIAT system, Bitcoin liberates
us to discover ourselves. It\'s right there. You only have to want it.


