
Bitcoin Brunch 101

*So, you want to start a bitcoin brunch? No, you don\'t have to do it
every week. And you don\'t have to write an essay. Though if you want to
you should. And if you feel like you want to host a bitcoin brunch, you
also definitely should!*

I returned to bitcoin culture after a hiatus of a few years and felt
disappointment at what looked like similar trends and patterns of
entrepreneurship that had bored me before. In changing the world economy
bitcoin shall certainly make many people rich, but a marketplace of
self-satisfied fortune seekers will barely change the world. We change
the world in knowing the fortune\'s location and bringing that knowledge
to others so that the community might more generally bathe in the
splendors of prosperity. I host Bitcoin Brunch as an investment in the
future of bitcoin culture by consciously sharing the scarcest resources
I have, my time; to allow the free flow of ideas and interests and
opportunity\--not just for me, not just for you, but for us. The idea of
we.

To quote a movie I haven\'t yet seen, \"*If you build it, they will
come.*\" Most of the bitcoin or crypto culture concerns itself with ways
of maximizing their amount of fiat currency. While I understand that
people need livelihoods, I often emphasize that we derive our wealth
from communities. Rather than a focus of extracting wealth from the
community, bitcoin brunch allows us to grow the value in the community
by simply growing the community. With every new person with whom we
connect, the skills and knowledge and wisdom in our community grows. We
are each of us nodes in a social network, and the more connections we
make, the stronger those connections, the more our prosperity grows,
without ever needing to diminish anyone\'s wealth.

To that end, I have built my bitcoin community by inviting those in my
virtual bitcoin social networks to come here, where I sit for five
hours, every Sunday, and talk about Bitcoin, the future of money, and
whatever is on our minds. I don\'t know how much longer I can sustain
this, but the longer I do the more life it seems to have in it. Since
deciding to host bitcoin brunch, I met hundreds of people, participated
in the formation of a physical Bitcoin hacker space, (Bitcoin Grove) and
began forming the Timechain Foundation, a non-profit organization meant
to promote Bitcoin education and community building. I could not have
expected nearly three years ago how things would have turned out today,
and I feel the same kind of wonder and hope about all the future in
front of us. I know that so much of what is to come for me is a result
of what I started here and so I say to anyone feeling the need to start
their own bitcoin meetup: do it! Make it happen! Find a way because
tomorrow is calling out to you, and we\'re going to need friends where
we\'re going.


