
Radical Transparency, Open-Source Overisght, a proposal for modern
governance

One of the most radically mundane design choices in the bitcoin protocol
comes in the form of the public ledger. Every transaction ever performed
in the network has a record on the block chain, all the way back from
January 9, 2009 when Satoshi sent 10 bitcoin to Hal Finney up to the
most recent block, which may include bitcoin sent to custodians of
Bitcoin spot ETFs. The bitcoin software running on any node requires the
public ledger to both compile its own copy of the block chain and to
ensure its authenticity in compliance with consensus rules. Radical
transparency serves an important role in the overall value proposition
of bitcoin as better money, and I argue that radical transparency could
likewise provide tremendous value in other aspects of society, including
the efficiency of public governance in all jurisdictions.

For purposes of brevity and effect let me grossly generalize all
problems of public governancy as stemming from either incompetence or
corruption. Bear in mind my intention to use these two terms regardless
of whether the phenomena of coruption or incompetence exist as the
result of deliberate purpose or the emergent byproduct of naive action.
In other words, everything that goes wrong with our govenrment happens
because someone either didn\'t know what they were doing, or didn\'t do
it properly. However, we find these actions and behaviors hidden deep
within the black box, so far removed from the actual portions of
government over which the public has any influence, that the problems
last far longer than the reign of any succesful politician who promised
to address them. As a result, the public focuses almost exclusives on
the most superficial aspect of a systemic problem, and the politicians,
in turn, only bothers to address the symptoms, never their causes.

Bitcoin solved this conundrum through adherence to an open source,
transparent development process, subject to any and all criticism or
scrutiny, but coming out better battle tested for it. Imagine,
therefore, how we might reshape the concept of public governance by
shining the light of transparency upon it, allowing any and all
criticism or scrutiny to chip away at the insanities, absurdities, and
maladies of public service, which reveal themselves in the form of
poverty, miseducation, insecurity, and other public disease that keep
humans from fulfilling their potentials. To borrow a phrase used to
justify the mass surveilance of civilians, I say of governments
regarding the perennial need for radical transparency, that if they\'re
doing nothing wrong they should have nothing to hide.


