---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

Do what you want, but what do you really want?

In our modern American circumstance, where every thing seems at the tip
of our fingers, do we know what we really want? The nature of human
desire is usually such that when we acquire what we want we immediately
start to think about what we want next. John Keats wrote in his poem Ode
on a Grecian Urn, \"heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are
sweeter.\" In this context our aspirations are the idyllic scene
immortalized on the outside of a timeless urn\--our consciousness. What
ideals and dreams do we fill our mind with and set our body to? From a
young age we are inundated with the social demand to identify ourselves
and find where we fit in the world. Add atop that the loud noises of a
corrupted economic system, and it becomes little wonder our civilization
descends to destructive behaviors and a preference for low quality goods
and services. What else could explain why so many people get tricked
into believing that what they want in life is to achieve goals set for
them by strangers.

Be careful what you wish for if you live devoid of self-reflection and
discernment because just like in the fables and horror stories, the
implications of what we want are often not what we expect, and result in
unintended consequences. If we\'re lucky we only destroy ourselves, a
pity, but if we\'re foolish enough to destroy our friends, family, and
community it is an injustice and a tragedy. We\'ve seen how greed and
ego destroyed men smarter than we, should we then, in our own aloof
hubris, imagine ourselves immune from delusion and short-sightedness?
Let the folly of others humble us for we are but humans, just as capable
of accident and mistake. Let truth guide our desires, and provide the
clarity needed to consciously reject the careless influences of
disingenuous third parties, who see other human beings as means to an
end. We are so much more than that.

Bitcoin can be a pressure washer blasting away centuries of calcified
memetic narratives that serve more to perpetuate themselves than protect
and prepare us for the travails of life. We solved those problems a long
time ago and now the problem is that we\'re spoiled, and bored, and the
only way to keep us from imploding is to drug us with instant pleasure
technology. We got to this point by allowing others to define our values
and identities for us, but bitcoin is an objective metric where
favoritism and seignorage would cloud out facts. Those who dare to
imagine a better, more just and prosperous world, once only dreamed of
liberty and utopia for humanity, but now have a permissionless,
immutable, distributed, decentralized tool by which to actually achieve
our greatest hopes. The possibility is right there, but only if we want
it.
