---
generator: Riched20 10.0.22621
---

The Eve of Destruction

With the advent of the modern AI hype machine called LLM I hear with
increasing frequency the lament of technology professionals for the jobs
they expect to lose at some point in the future as a result. Despite the
great momentum of recorded history showing repeatedly that widespread
technical innovation leads to economic prosperity, and more jobs today
than ever before, they see only calamity and friction. Of course they
came to bitcoin brunch because they long to escape their job anyway, so
I wish to put it as clearly as possible, stop worrying about your job
and start worrying about what you want to do in future regardless of
what happens with automation. Concern yourself with whether you\'ve laid
a strong enough foundation to weather whatever storms may come.
Self-sufficient and proactive\--this is the dream of the bitcoin
citadel, a shining beacon of strength and resilience.

I tell you, crypto-curious, why are you so worried about losing a job
you don\'t event like, when you should be worried about what happened to
put you in this situation to begin with? You don\'t want your bags to
deflate? Your jetset lifestyle comes with a large price tag denominated
in American cuck bucks, so you\'ve got five hustles, 15 tokens, more
NFTs than you can count, and you can\'t even get a good night of sleep.
What the hell is going on? When did you get so lost? You spent so many
hours trying to time the market that you didn\'t bother timing the
best-by date on your livelihood, but it\'s not too late. Not if you can
put your ego down.

We build the citadel the same way we build the time chain, by proof of
work, not promise of it. The yield comes from our blood, sweat and
tears; with it we lay the foundations for the next world. One season at
a time. One brick at a time. This next world will write new history
books, and draw new borders. It will take us not only to the far reaches
us space, but also the depths of our own planet, Earth, which have gone
neglected for too long. The next world is for explorers, but also
lovers, and those ready for experience to humble them. While you shake
in your boots, worried that the robots are coming, I warn you now that
if you don\'t change your ways, it\'s not the world that will end, just
you.
