
Identification as a Tool of Social Control (Part 2 of Identity and
Identification)

FIAT dominance requires dividing a human into bite-sized chunks. From
birth to death they demand we split ourselves into neat, little boxes,
and in doing so we perpetuate their control over us. Age, sex, race,
religion. Make sure to pick the right box! Your future could depend on
it. No more now than ever. Some people think of identity politics as a
new blight on modernity, but this fails to recognize or care that this
game goes back a long ways. We played it in the first centuries of the
nation to oppress and control populations. Black? Woman? Foreign? Poor?
All human, and all excluded from equal treatment under the law in a
yester year. Did you even know there were others on the Mayflower
besides the pilgrims?

Among other purposes, governments and corprorations all use
identification as a litmus test to determine who gets resources, how and
when they get them, and how much they get. In becoming dependent on this
system, like baby mammals dependent on mother\'s milk, we perpetuate the
morality and preferences of those who hold the purse-strings. The
integration of their money-printer values into our livelihoods was the
installation of the strings which go up above the theater, from which
they manipulte our lives.

I touched upon all that in part one, so consider the implications of an
idenfitier we generally take for granted, but underlies the relationship
of subservience most people have with their government and society. They
call it a rat race, and that makes everyone running in it a rat. A
rodent carrier of disease and bad omen. How long will they tolerate
this? How long can we tolerate being rats? And how long can you run the
race before you get your head caught in a mouse-trap?

Don\'t let disingenuous third parties control your destiny, and chart
your path for you. The nebulous abstract concepts that they expect to
define us not only sow division between human being, but instill
division within ourselves. The journey to the next world demands a
unique human being, willing to discover their whole self, despite the
expectations of society because those expectations are the very things
that got us into the mess we have today. To be that human you must break
the chain of social control. Be yourself. Define yourself.


