
Tainted Money Welfare State

Among the worst sights in the house of horrors known as the mixed market
economy, corporate welfare is most agregious for withholding the free
market invisible hand of creative destruction. In deciding that some
firms can never fail, governments waste public resources, and perpetuate
bad business practices, robbing us of innovation and productivity.
Large, private organizations take advantage of the FIAT system in
various ways, and through different departments of the government. Free
money, sweetheart deals, tax breaks, emminent domain protectionism.
That\'s not an exhaustive list of the ways corporate wellfare
manipulates markets at all levels of our economy.

In an ideal, platonian free market, businesses come and go as
circumstances and preferences change. When a new, better business
replaces an old, worse business, classical economists call it creative
destruction. The old business sells off its assets. The employees get
fired. Maybe the company gets bought out. The result is supposed to be
better overall. The customer should get a better or cheaper
product/experience. Did the old company fail to innovate? Did they stop
training their employees, or updating obsolete policies to address
changing market circumstance? Were they cutting corners and relying on
repuation rather than quality to sustain revenue? Whatever the cause,
people stopped shopping with them, and stopped giving them money. It\'s
no more the new business\' fault than it is the customers who changed
their behaviors, and it would be like trying to fight the tide to save a
bad business. Only the government is stupid enough to fight tides.

Not only does government get everything it has from the people it rules
over, but in throwing more money into a bad business, they ensure that
the money and resources they steal aren\'t even put to a good use.
Corporate welfare perpetuates pollution, infrastructure neglect,
unsustainable retirement promises, destructive foreign policy, rampant
immigration, and many other problems that undermine the strength of a
nation. When we use the tainted money printed by our Big Brother, we not
only do we consent to this system and invite it into our lives, but we
perpetuate its strength and stranglehold on our communities. Bitcoin is
the best chance for society to escape these circumstance and for humans,
individually and collectively, to chart their own paths into the future.


