
Despite avoiding advertisements as a general rule, I recently found
myself watching a video for Amscot, a Floridian brick-and-mortar money
lender providing high interest liquidity to desperate low net-worth
individuals. Apparently, people who can barely afford their own
existence go steeply in debt to pay a bill today, completely unsure how
they will pay the interest on this debt tomorrow. One strange property
of our tainted money system is the propensity for people living in it to
take on unsustainable debt. A person might get a loan for schooling, a
car, a house, gambling, or a drug addiction. With a national debt of
record breaking size, how can we blame people in these circumstances?
Robbed of strong familial or community examples, and put through an
academic curriculum concerning itself little with the financial
literacy, most people don\'t know how to use money as a tool. Unlike the
rich who use debt as an instrument to acquire more capital, the poor
unwittingly use debt as a way to have less wealth in the future than
they do today.

We don\'t live in a society that takes the unfortunate, or
down-on-their-luck, and builds them up to self-sufficiency. Instead we
encourage the debt-ridden to dig themselves deeper still. Bad credit? No
credit? No problem! Student loan? Second mortgage? Reverse mortgage?
Emergency medical expenses? There are no sacred cows anymore. We\'ve
become a debtor nation and it seems the only thing to do is dig deeper.
For a moment during the COVID pandemic debts were starting to decrease
and we were starting to save again. Of course this had something to do
with massive entitlements at all levels of society, and supply chain
shortages worldwide making it marginally more difficult to spend money.
As the logistical side of consmption approached normalization again, and
the govermment checks ran out, the debt spending picked up at record
paces. Unsurprisingly the government too didn\'t miss a beat, jumping
from massive COVID spending to an unprecedented non-emergency budget,
and two proxy wars. As above and so below.

If you, dear friend, somehow manage to escape your own cycle of poverty,
you would still subject yourself to the poverty of society as long as
you use a collective money which promotes bad economic practices and is
guaranteed to be debt-printed ad nauseam to bail people out when the fat
lady sings. Marxists and socialists in their digital high towers fawn
over the idea of a debt jubilee, but those living down on earth know
that no such miracle will happen in our lifetimes, and government only
respond to the debt of some special interest groups by creating more
debt for everyone. In contrast, bitcoin as currency allows us to
represent our values through our spending, and put our money where our
mouth is.


