
V4V as a Modern Distribution Model

In the past few years I started listening to new bands, something I
rarely do. And I don\'t just mean new as in contemporary, (though I mean
that too) but new to me. Bands I had never heard or heard of before.
It\'s mostly on YouTube and I think that sucks. Just as for most of
modernity in the music industry, the artist gets little or no
remuneration for the comercialization of their work, but unlike before,
now it\'s Alphabet who can extract the maximum value from the
relationship between artist and audience, where previously it was the
record label. The real power these organizations have above the creators
themselves is in the realm of distribution. The record labels maintained
economic relationships with radio stations around the country and around
the world, also with video production companies, music licensing
companies, and of course, lawmakers. The recording industry may still
have a stranglehold on most of that, but in the last couple decades
groups like YouTube, Spotify, and iTunes have emerged as the new radio,
effectively wiping out regional radio distribution of music across the
globe. Our culture used to have the concept of a radio hit. Most heard
new music on a radio station, floating freely on the airwaves, and a hit
was a song that drove engagement. People wanted to hear it over and over
again, they would buy record players and the record that had the song,
they would buy a ticket to a live show to hear it performed in person.
Most of that is gone now. You can put a song you like on repeat in your
smart-phone premium music player app and listen to it a thousand times
if you like, but as has been the norm, the artist makes next to nothing
from this engagement. The platform gets their cut, of course because you
either pay a subscription fee, or they play you ads.

The newest trend I\'ve seen, that I think goes a long way to empowering
artists, but falls just a bit short of freedom, is the adoption of the
patronage subscription model. Two artists I like, Sam Brookes and
Jacklen Ro, both have Patreon accounts, allowing their fans to give
monthly contributions, usually with benefits in return, primarily access
to a monthly live performance. In this cirucmstances patreon gets to
take a sizeable cut for providing the platform and processing the
payments, but it\'s small compared to what the streaming platforms give
to artists. The aspect of this creators haven\'t fully grasped is that
they are harnessing and perhaps exploiting the relationship with their
audience. They aren\'t selling their official recordings because they
literally can\'t, but they can sell novel performances, and they can
sell themselves. If only they could find a way to completely rid
themsleves of the pimps, I believe the modern artist could fully cross
the threshhold to creative freedom and control. Enter bitcoin.

With a value4value mindset and the power of bitcoin payments, artists
can completely eliminate all middle men if they want to, and can take
control of every step of the production and distribution process, and
with that control can keep all profit for themselves. The ultimate thing
stopping a talented, ambitious artist from earning a living with this
model is simply getting their music into enough ears, and that\'s where
value4value is so important. Freely giving away digital music recordings
is the most efficient way to reach as many ears as possible, but having
bitcoin payment rails built into the distribution systems allows for
anyone anywhere to immediately start providing value back to the artist,
in quantities as small as one satoshi. Think of the possibilities, and
how many creative people can free themselves of trying to satisfy
endless bottom feeders, sapping the value from their work. It\'s
possible today, but only if you want it.


